The governor would take possession of the arsenal in the name of the United States .
The soldiers would be allowed safe passage in any direction carrying any personal and public property besides munitions of war .
The soldiers would be allowed to march away as men leaving under orders , not as conquered and surrendering soldiers .
Guard , office , and police duties .
The arsenal was briefly seized once more by Joseph Brooks loyalists during the Brooks @-@ Baxter War of 1874 .
Picturesque Children of the Allies ; J. Salmon , 1916
Shakespeare 's Boy Characters ; C. W. Faulkner , 1917
Shakespeare 's Girl Characters ; C. W. Faulkner , 1920
Elves and Fairies ; S. Harvey , 1918
Child Thoughts in Picture and Verse ( by M. K. Westcott ) ; Blackie , 1925
Lively Words ; Macmillan , 1961 .
St. Cecily 's Garden ; 1920
Cradle roll design ; St. Edmund 's , Pitlake , 1922
Banner design ; St. Mary 's , <unk> , 1923
The Parable of the Great Supper ; triptych , St. George 's chapel , Waddon
The Seven Sacraments ; baptismal font panels , St. Andrew 's , Croydon
St. John the Baptist ; central banner panel , <unk> church , 1943
Lettering , sword , and shield ; mount for a list of men and woman serving in the Forces , St. Andrews , Croydon , 1943
I Am Among You As He That <unk> ; stained glass window design , St. Edmund 's , Pitlake , 1962
Green background indicates win ( 2 points ) .
Red background indicates regulation loss ( 0 points ) .
Silver background indicates overtime / shootout loss ( 1 point ) .
Prior to marrying his wife Valerie , John dated Carolyn Bessette the future wife of John F. Kennedy , Jr . The two met while attending University in Boston .
Cullen is the namesake of the John Cullen Award , previously given to key IHL players .
For the ironclad present at the Battle of Lissa of the same name , see SMS Erzherzog Ferdinand Max ( 1865 ) .
Stability of the substrate with higher stability leading to greater reversibility by favoring the starting material over the betaine .
Stability of the ylide with higher stability similarly leading to greater reversibility .
The vast majority of reagents are <unk> at the ylide carbon ( either R1 or R2 as hydrogen ) . <unk> reagents are much rarer but have been described :
If the ylide carbon is substituted with an alkyl group the reagent is referred to as an <unk> ylide . The size of the alkyl groups are the major factors in selectivity with these reagents .
Several cycloadditions wherein the ylide serves as a " nucleophilic carbenoid equivalent " have been reported .
Living <unk> using <unk> as the catalyst and ( <unk> ) methanide as the monomer have been reported for the synthesis of various complex polymers .
At roughly the same time , agrarian unrest in the state of Morelos turned into a full blown rebellion under the leadership of the Zapata brothers , Emiliano and <unk> .
An amnesty for all revolutionaries be declared , with the option for some of them to apply for membership in the rurales .
Madero and his supporters had the right to name fourteen provisional state governors , and to approve la Barra 's cabinet .
Pensions were to be established for relatives of the soldiers who had died fighting the rebels .
Policemen and judges , as well as state legislators , that had been appointed or " elected " under Díaz were to retain their offices .
The treaty was signed on May 21 . Díaz resigned accordingly on May 25 . Francisco de la Barra became the interim president . Madero entered Mexico City on June 7 .
After college , she worked as a receptionist during the day at the Evanston YMCA and took classes at Second City at night .
She received her SAG card after appearing in Artie Lange 's Beer League released in 2006 , in which she was compelled to join for " ... a thousand dollars " .
In 1997 , Fey and other members of The Second City provided voices for the pinball game Medieval Madness .
Fey has appeared as Tinker Bell in Disney 's campaign " Year of a Million Dreams " . She has also done commercials for American Express and Garnier <unk> .
On April 5 , 2011 , Fey 's autobiography , Bossypants , was released to a positive review from The New York Times .
In September 2011 , Fey was ranked at the top of Forbes magazine 's list of the highest @-@ paid TV actresses .
The star has an apparent magnitude of 12 @.@ 9 . It cannot be seen from Earth with the naked eye .
Townsend withdrew from touring to spend time with his family . From home , Townsend completed his second solo ambient album , The Hummer , releasing it exclusively on his website in November 2006 .
As of April 2016 , Devin is in the middle of recording the seventh DTP album , entitled Transcendence at Armoury Studios in Vancouver .
Townsend 's employs a variety of vocal techniques in his work , including screaming , growling or even falsetto . His vocal range has been noted to be over 5 octaves ( C2 to F7 ) .
In the 1880 earthquake , the synagogue suffered minor damage and was repaired the following year .
Fitwatch ( formed in early 2007 ) campaign against FITs by actively obstructing their operations , and by passively opposing their operations by photographing units ( a form of sousveillance ) .
The BBC TV series Panorama produced an episode entitled What ever happened to people power ? in July 2009 which discussed the use of FITs in targeting activists and journalists .
Jordan 's private jet features a stripe in Carolina blue , the " Air Jordan " logo on the tail , and references to his career in the identification number .
Italics denote future exit numbers .
In 1983 , Neil Tennant met producer Bobby Orlando , while on an assignment in New York interviewing Sting for Smash Hits . After listening to some demos , Orlando offered to produce for the duo .
All tracks were produced by Greg Kurstin , with vocal production on " Every Christmas " made by Jason Halbert .
Tracks from the concert DVD were filmed from the television special Kelly Clarkson 's Cautionary Christmas Music Tale .
Credits lifted from the album 's liner notes .
A. K. Hangal as Rahim Chacha , the imam in the village
As a mark of respect , Dagenham & Redbridge postponed the game Exeter were due to play against them at Victoria Road four days after his death . Exeter retired his shirt number 9 for nine seasons .
Stansfield continues to be remembered by fans of Exeter . On 9 August 2014 , as they started the new season against Portsmouth , a giant flag resembling his club shirt was displayed by the crowd .
He also accused Thaksin of spying on the military while he was Prime Minister .
In 2007 the album was re @-@ released in Germany . The re @-@ release included bonus content .
Credits adapted from the Loose liner notes .
League positions are sourced by Statto , while the remaining information is referenced individually .
Brackets around club names denote the player 's contract with that club had expired before he joined York .
Brackets around club names denote the player joined that club after his York contract expired .
Numbers in parentheses denote appearances as substitute .
Players with names struck through and marked left the club during the playing season .
Players with names in italics and marked * were on loan from another club for the whole of their season with York .
Players listed with no appearances have been in the matchday squad but only as unused substitutes .
Antimony compounds are often classified according to their oxidation state : Sb ( III ) and Sb ( V ) . The + 5 oxidation state is more stable .
Oxyhalides are more common for antimony than arsenic and phosphorus . Antimony trioxide dissolves in concentrated acid to form <unk> compounds such as <unk> and ( SbO )
Compounds in this class generally are described as derivatives of Sb3 − . Antimony forms antimonides with metals , such as indium antimonide ( <unk> ) and silver antimonide ( Ag
The Roman naturalist Pedanius Dioscorides mentioned that antimony sulfide could be roasted by heating by a current of air . It is thought that this produced metallic antimony .
With the advent of challenges to phlogiston theory it was recognized that antimony is an element forming sulfides , oxides , and other compounds , as is the case with other metals .
The ancient words for antimony mostly have , as their chief meaning , kohl , the sulfide of antimony .
According to statistics from the USGS , current global reserves of antimony will be depleted in 13 years . However , the USGS expects more resources will be found .
The lower @-@ grade ores are reduced in blast furnaces while the higher @-@ grade ores are reduced in reverberatory furnaces .
About 60 % of antimony is consumed in flame retardants , and 20 % is used in alloys for batteries , plain bearings and solders .
Antimony also is used in the making of bullets and bullet tracers . This element is also used in paint and glass art crafts and as opacifier in enamel .
Antimony is incompatible with strong acids , halogenated acids , and oxidizers ; when exposed to newly formed hydrogen it may form stibine ( SbH3 ) .
The TDI proposed by WHO is 6 µg antimony per kilogram of body weight . The IDLH ( immediately dangerous to life and health ) value for antimony is 50 mg / m3 .
Anderson has been nominated for six Academy Awards over the course of his career , while his films have earned a further fourteen Academy Award nominations for cast and crew .
Henryson , Robert ( 2009 ) . The Testament of Cresseid & seven fables . <unk> by Seamus Heaney . London : Faber and Faber . ISBN <unk> .
Nathan is currently the Minnesota Twins leader in career saves .
A descriptive biography entitled Art Ross : The Hockey Legend who Built the Bruins by Eric Zweig was published by Dundurn Press in Sept 2015 .
In 1910 , the Franciscans turned the management of the parish over to the Diocese of Omaha . In October of that year , Edward S. Muenich became the first diocesan pastor of St. Leonard 's .
The centennial of the church building was celebrated in December 2013 , at a bilingual Mass conducted by Elden Curtiss , archbishop emeritus of the Archdiocese of Omaha .
Two marble steps rise from the nave to the chancel . At the top of the steps is a hand @-@ carved white wood communion rail , decorated with miniature onyx columns and topped with marble .
On the Gospel side of the chancel is a large hand @-@ carved wood pulpit , decorated with carved figures of the four Evangelists .
The rectory has a sloping roof with overhanging eaves and wood cornices . On the south wall is a tympanum , filled in with siding .
The city is notable for having the last known Long Count date on any Maya monument , marking the end of the Classic Maya period in AD 909 .
In 775 a text recorded the death of Lord Wak Chan K 'ak ' , a prince who appears to have been the heir to the throne and who died before he could take power .
After the abandonment of the city at the end of the Classic Period , many of the sculptures fell down the steep embankment supporting the seven terraces .
Ballcourt 2 is the smaller of the two ballcourts and lies in the north of the plaza , at the foot of the Acropolis .
The Palace of the Underworld is entered via three step @-@ vaulted arches on the eastern side of the second terrace of the Acropolis .
Monument 5 was recovered from a school in Ocosingo and moved to the site museum of Toniná . It is a badly eroded life @-@ size human statue with the head missing .
Monument 8 dates to the reign of Ruler 2 . It marks the period ending of 682 and shows the presentation of three war captives .
Monument 99 is an undated fragment that depicts a female captive , which is rare in Maya art .
Monument 113 depicts Ruler 2 participating in a scattering ritual .
The Finnish poet Eino Leino also wrote about the bird in his poem " Nocturne " .
A number of risk factors for developing AML have been identified , including : other blood disorders , chemical exposures , ionizing radiation , and genetics .
Eight FAB subtypes were proposed in 1976 .
The morphologic subtypes of AML also include rare types not included in the FAB system , such as acute basophilic leukemia , which was proposed as a ninth subtype , M8 , in 1999 .
Since treatment options for relapsed AML are so limited , palliative care or enrolment in a clinical trial may be offered .
For relapsed acute promyelocytic leukemia ( APL ) , arsenic trioxide is approved by the US FDA . Like ATRA , arsenic trioxide does not work with other subtypes of AML .
Acute myeloid leukemia is a curable disease ; the chance of cure for a specific person depends on a number of prognostic factors .
The city developed the city commission form of city government , known as the " Galveston Plan " , to help expedite recovery .
Galveston is home to the Galveston Symphony Orchestra , an ensemble of amateur and professional musicians formed in 1979 under the direction of Richard W. <unk> , Musical Director @-@ Conductor .
Many statues and sculptures can be found around the city . Here are a few well @-@ known sculptures .
Dolphins by David W. Moore
George P. Mitchell , pioneer of hydraulic fracturing technology and developer of The Woodlands , Texas , was born and raised in Galveston .
Galveston is served by Amtrak 's Texas Eagle via connecting bus service at Longview , Texas .
Sheldon Cooper , one of the main characters from the TV series The Big Bang Theory , grew up in Galveston .
Donald Barthelme 's 1974 short story " I bought a little city " is about an unnamed man who invests his fortune in buying Galveston , only to sell it thereafter .
The Drowning House , a novel by Elizabeth Black ( 2013 ) , is an exploration of the island of Galveston , Texas , and the intertwined histories of two families who reside there .
Stephenie Meyer has mentioned Galveston island in her third book of the Twilight series , Eclipse .
Galveston ( 2010 ) is the first novel by Nic Pizzolatto , the creator of the HBO series True Detective .
Finkelstein has described himself as " an old @-@ fashioned communist , " in the sense that he " see [ s ] no value whatsoever in states . "
From Time Immemorial had been praised by figures as varied as Barbara Tuchman , Theodore H. White , Elie Wiesel , and Lucy Dawidowicz . Saul Bellow , for one , wrote in a jacket endorsement that :
James O. Freedman , the former president of Dartmouth College , the University of Iowa , and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences , has defended Dershowitz :
On behalf of Dershowitz , Harvard Law School dean Elena Kagan asked former Harvard president Derek Bok to investigate the assertion of plagiarism ; Bok exonerated Dershowitz of the charge .
In an April 3 , 2007 interview with the Harvard Crimson , " Dershowitz confirmed that he had sent a letter last September to DePaul faculty members lobbying against Finkelstein 's tenure . "
Finkelstein is an advocate of a two @-@ state solution to the Israeli @-@ Palestinian conflict .
De Zayas , Alfred . Review of Beyond Chutzpah in Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung ( February 3 , 2006 )
Merkley , Paul Charles . These Pigs on the Face of the Earth : Israel 's most relentless critic ( review of Beyond Chutzpah , in Christianity Today ( January / February 2006 )
Marqusee , Mike . " Israel , fraud and chutzpah " ( review of Beyond Chutzpah ; January 2006 )
Bogdanor , Paul . The Finkelstein Phenomenon ( review of The Holocaust Industry ) , Judaism ( Fall 2002 )
Abse , Tobias . Finkelstein 's Follies : The Dangers of Vulgar Anti @-@ Zionism ( review of The Holocaust Industry ) , <unk> ; accessed November 1 , 2015
Bartov , Omer . " A Tale of Two <unk> " ( review of The Holocaust Industry ) , New York Times Book Review , August 6 , 2000
William Rubinstein et al . , Uses of Holocaust , letters to the London Review of Books
The Washington Post Publishes a Retraction : Marc Fisher , a Washington Post columnist , publishes a retraction of his charge of " Holocaust revisionism " , archive.org ; accessed November 1 , 2015 .
VIDEO : Norman Finkelstein - Israel and Palestine : Roots of Conflict , Prospects for Peace , presentation in Seattle , Washington , May 8 , 2008 .
VIDEO : Norman Finkelstein - The Coming Breakup of American Zionism , presentation in Olympia , Washington , May 8 , 2008 .
According to the <unk> , this commandment " has been <unk> for Catholics " as one of the Church precepts . The organization cites the papal encyclical Dies Domini :
Respect toward parents that also flows to brothers and sisters .
Obedience to parents for as long as the child lives at home " when it is for his good or the good of the family " , except when obedience would require the child to do something morally wrong .
Support that requires grown children to offer material and moral support for their aging parents , particularly at times of " illness , loneliness , or distress " .
Respect for their children as children of God and human persons .
Proper discipline for children while being careful not to provoke them .
The reasons for going to war are defensive .
It is a last resort taken only after all other means of putting an end to the " grave damage " have been ineffective .
The ultimate aim is peace and there is a serious chance of success .
No graver evils are produced that overshadow the evil to be eliminated . This forbids the use of arms to eliminate whole cities and areas with their inhabitants .
Respect and care is required for non @-@ combatants , wounded soldiers and prisoners . Soldiers are required to disobey commands to commit genocide and ones that violate universal principles .
Masturbation is considered sinful for the same reasons as lust , but is a step above lust in that it involves a physical act instead of a mental one .
Pornography ranks higher because it is considered a perversion of the sexual act that is intended for distribution to third parties for viewing .
Rape is an intrinsically evil act that can cause grave damage to the victim for life .
Incest , or " rape of children by parents or other adult relatives " or " those responsible for the education of the children entrusted to them " is considered the most heinous of sexual sins .
In extreme situations , such as domestic violence , separation is allowed . This is not considered a divorce and may be justified .
Wealthier nations , like wealthier individuals , have a moral obligation to help poorer nations and individuals , and work to reform financial institutions and economic factors to benefit all .
False witness and perjury : statements made publicly in court which obstruct justice by condemning the innocent or exonerating the guilty , or which may increase the punishment of the accused .
Rash judgement : believing , without sufficient evidence , that a person has done moral faults .
Flattery : " speech to deceive others for our benefit . "
Bragging , boasting , or mocking : speech which either only honors oneself or dishonors others .
Chastity , which enables people to love others with upright and undivided hearts .
Purity of intention , which seeks to fulfill God 's will in everything , knowing that it alone will lead to the true end of man .
Purity of vision , " external and internal " , disciplining the thoughts and imagination to reject those that are impure .
Prayer that recognizes the power of God to grant a person the ability to overcome sexual desires .
Modesty , of the feelings as well as the body is discreet in choice of words and clothing .
Greed is the desire for too much of what one does not need .
Envy is the desire for what belongs to another . The US Bishops define it as " an attitude that fills us with sadness at the sight of another 's prosperity . "
The entire route is in Cache County .
Under the Finnish form " Hämeenmaa " , the name of the ship type was later carried on to several vessels of the 20th century Finnish Navy .
Hobbs later worked for the American Red Cross in Europe and at the Oregon Journal newspaper . She died in Portland in 1964 .
These events made Hobbs the most famous woman in Oregon at that time . Hobbs also made national and international news for these events . Writer Stewart Holbrook reported :
Stephen is recorded in the Oxford Dictionary of National Biography as a " suffragette and labour activist " , and has been described as " working @-@ class " .
All compositions by Ornette Coleman .
Credits are adapted from the album 's liner notes .
English director Edgar Wright named Not Quite Hollywood his fourth favourite film of 2008 , and called it " the best documentary ever . "
A list of film referenced within Not Quite Hollywood , separated by genre .
Giuseppe Pozzobonelli ( September 9 , 1743 ) – Cardinal @-@ Priest of S. Maria sopra Minerva ; archbishop of Milan
Paul d 'Albert de <unk> ( April 5 , 1756 ) – Cardinal @-@ Priest of S. Tommaso in <unk> ; archbishop of Sens
Antonio Maria <unk> ( October 2 , 1758 ) – Cardinal @-@ Priest of S. Marco ; bishop of Padua
Domenico Orsini d <unk> ( September 9 , 1743 ) – Cardinal @-@ Deacon of S. Maria ad <unk> ; Cardinal @-@ protector of the Kingdom of Naples
Twenty nine electors were created by Clement XIII , while fifteen by Pope Benedict XIV . Alessandro Albani received the red hat from Innocent XIII , and Neri Maria Corsini from Clement XII .
Giacomo Oddi ( September 9 , 1743 ) – Cardinal @-@ Priest of S. Lorenzo in Lucina ; <unk> of the Sacred College of Cardinals ; archbishop of Viterbo e Toscanella
Etienne @-@ René Potier de <unk> ( April 5 , 1756 ) – Cardinal @-@ Priest of S. <unk> fuori le <unk> ; bishop of Beauvais
Franz Konrad Casimir von <unk> ( April 5 , 1756 ) – Cardinal @-@ Priest of S. Maria del Popolo ; bishop of Constance
Cardinal Orsini , the official representative of the Neapolitan court , and all the foreigners , were not classified because it was certain that none of them would be ever elected pope .
The French government was more fastidious than Spanish and Neapolitan . Only three cardinals were considered good candidates : Conti , <unk> and Ganganelli
Microsoft Word does not treat sentences differently by default , but the grammar checking can be set to prefer a specific number of spaces between sentences .
Berliner 's thesis , like Adams ' , has been sharply criticized .
Tal himself lost a famous game as White from a symmetrical position in Tal – <unk> , USSR Championship 1974 .
From an early age , Reines exhibited an interest in science , and liked creating and building things . He later recalled that :
John Worthing , J.P. — George Alexander
Rev. Canon Chasuble , D.D. — H. H. Vincent
Lane — F. Kinsey <unk>
Hon. Gwendolen Fairfax — Irene Vanbrugh
Miss Prism — Mrs. George <unk>
The play is set in " The Present " ( i.e. 1895 ) .
In 1963 , Erik Chisholm composed an opera from the play , using Wilde 's text as the libretto .
A 1964 commercial television adaptation starred Ian Carmichael , Patrick Macnee , Susannah York , Fenella Fielding , Pamela Brown and Irene <unk> .
It was adapted for Australian TV in 1957 .
Credits adapted from the liner notes of UK pressings of The Remix . Track numbers correspond to international ( non @-@ US and Japan ) pressings .
The city wall itself was built with rammed earth , a technique also detailed in Yingzao Fashi , vol . III , " Standards for Moat , Stronghold and Masonry Work " :
Rammed @-@ earth walls during this time were tapered : the thickness of the wall is greatest at the base and decreases steadily with increasing height , as detailed in Li Jie 's book .
It remains to be seen whether another Fastra featuring <unk> , first available with Pascal @-@ based GPUs , will be build .
Breese was the only U.S. Navy ship to be named for Kidder Breese , who had been a U.S. Navy officer during the Mexican @-@ American War and later the Civil War .
Unusually this episode begins on the 30 Rock title sequence - there is no cold open as is normally the case .
The entire route was in Elbridge , Onondaga County .
The entire highway was in St. Ignace , Mackinac County .
Two Nene jet engines replaced the standard Shvetsov ASh @-@ <unk> radial engines .
The wing dihedral was reduced to 3 ° from 6 ° .
A new tricycle undercarriage was fitted , with the main gear units retracting into the engine nacelles .
Additional fuel tanks were fitted and the design of the tanks was changed to accommodate the change from gasoline to kerosene .
The control system was revised and trim tabs were fitted to the elevators .
The wing and tail were reinforced .
Any such person claiming such exemption from combatant training and service ... in lieu of such induction , be assigned to work of national importance under civilian direction .
Unlike harsher methods , the military found that this gentler approach resulted in about one in eight eventually transferring to military service .
As a young surgeon , C. Everett Koop was part of the research team at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine . He related his experience with CPS test subjects :
The hepatitis research was instrumental in determining a virus is responsible for the disease and that it is transmitted through human filth , serum and drinking water .
Both the Republic of Ireland and the United Kingdom are members of the European Union , and as a consequence there is free movement of people , goods , services and capital across the border .
As part of the Good Friday Agreement , the British and Irish governments agreed on the creation of all @-@ island institutions and areas of cooperation .
Dublin @-@ Belfast corridor - 3 @.@ 3 m
Below is a comparison of the Regional GDP on the island of Ireland .
The S & E region of the Republic of Ireland ( consisting of Munster , Counties Dublin , Wicklow , Meath , Kildare , Kilkenny , Carlow , Wexford ) .
The algal and seaweed flora is that of the cold @-@ temperate variety . The total number of species is 574 and is distributed as follows :
The island has been invaded by some algae , some of which are now well established . For example :
Codium fragile ssp. fragile ( formerly reported as ssp. tomentosum ) , now well established .
Codium fragile ssp. <unk> has been established to be native , although for many years it was regarded as an alien species .
People have lived in Ireland for over 9 @,@ 000 years . The different eras are termed mesolithic , neolithic , Bronze Age , and Iron Age .
Since the 20th century the Irish pubs worldwide have become , especially those with a full range of cultural and gastronomic offerings , outposts of Irish culture .
Many other sports are also played and followed , including basketball , boxing , cricket , fishing , greyhound racing , handball , hockey , horse racing , motor sport , show jumping and tennis .
Some 100 Commandos were still ashore when Newman realised that evacuation by sea was no longer an option . He gathered the survivors and issued three orders :
Not to surrender at all if we can help it .
On 4 September 2002 , a tree and seat at the National Memorial Arboretum were dedicated to the men of the raid . The seat bears the inscription :
The war film Attack on the Iron Coast was released in 1968 and was a highly fictionalized version of the raid .
In 2007 , Jeremy Clarkson presented the story of the raid in a BBC documentary entitled The Greatest Raid of All Time .
A mission in the video game Enemy Front re @-@ enacts the mission from the first person perspective of a British Commando .
A mission in the video game Medal Of Honour : European Assault also re @-@ enacts the mission from the perspective of fictional soldier William Holt .
Social networking organizations such as Crisis Camp Haiti were developed to aid in the structure and coordination of relief efforts in Haiti and future catastrophic events as well .
President Abdoulaye Wade of Senegal offered interested Haitians free land in Senegal ; depending on how many respond to the offer , this could include up to an entire region .
The Haiti 2010 earthquake has been depicted in the novel God Loves Haiti , by Dimitry Elias Léger .
yon <unk> ak <unk> <unk> ann <unk> a <unk> . United States : Xlibris . ISBN <unk> .
Darden was born in Sandusky , Ohio . He graduated from Sandusky High School .
Darden was ranked 47th on the Cleveland Browns top 100 players list .
The entire route is in New Castle County .
The Good Food Guide ranked Hibiscus as the eighth @-@ best restaurant in the UK in its 2013 guide .
The restaurant has been given five AA Rosettes by The Automobile Association .
To fetch a pail of water .
And Jill came tumbling after .
With vinegar and brown paper .
With vinegar and brown paper .
For laughing at Jack 's disaster .
For causing Jack 's disaster .
The entire route is in Miami @-@ Dade County . All exits are unnumbered .
Since 2013 Nesbitt appears in adverts for Thomas Cook .
He was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire ( OBE ) in the 2016 New Year Honours for services to drama and to the community in Northern Ireland .
Honorary Doctor of Letters ( <unk> ) for services to drama from University of Ulster , Magee campus ( 9 July 2003 ) .
It was for his leadership and bravery during these actions that Andrew was awarded the Victoria Cross ( VC ) at the age of 20 . The citation read as follows :
Rebbie Jackson is a contralto with a 3 octave range . She has an impressive belting range , belting up to F # 5 in her song " Reaction . "
A pair of production <unk> 's was tested by Israeli web magazine <unk> journalists in April 2009 . It was dubbed " probably , the best Jeep ever " .
Or new Love pine at them beyond to @-@ morrow . 30
Through <unk> <unk> and winding mossy ways . 40
The murmurous haunt of flies on summer eves . 50
To thy high requiem become a sod . 60
Of perilous seas , in faery lands forlorn . 70
As she is famed to do , deceiving elf .
F. Scott Fitzgerald took the title of his novel Tender is the Night from the 35th line of the ode .
The poem is quoted in Chapter 1 of P. G. Wodehouse 's novel Full Moon ( 1947 ) : " ' Coming here ? Freddie ? ' .A numbness seemed to be paining his sense , as though of hemlock he had drunk . "
Although the ongoing investigation of the Browns is brought up during Season 2 , it is not extensively discussed , and the progress of the investigation is unknown .
You Only Live Twice was a great success , receiving positive reviews and grossing over $ 111 million in worldwide box office .
Blofeld activates the base 's self @-@ destruct system and escapes . Bond , Kissy , Tanaka , and the surviving ninjas leave before the base explodes .
Sean Connery as James Bond : An MI6 agent .
Akiko Wakabayashi as Aki : An agent with the Japanese SIS who assists Bond .
Mie Hama as Kissy Suzuki : An Ama diving girl who replaces Aki after her death .
Donald Pleasence as Ernst Stavro Blofeld : The megalomaniacal head of the terrorist syndicate known as SPECTRE . He intends to ignite a global nuclear war .
Tetsurō Tamba as Tiger Tanaka : Head of Japanese secret service .
Teru Shimada as Mr. Osato : A Japanese industrialist secretly affiliated to SPECTRE .
Bernard Lee as M : The head of MI6 .
Charles Gray as Dikko Henderson : British contact living in Japan .
Burt Kwouk as Spectre 3 : one of Blofeld 's henchmen .
Lois Maxwell as Miss Moneypenny : M 's secretary .
Desmond Llewelyn as Q : Head of MI6 technical department .
Tsai Chin as Ling : Undercover MI6 agent in Hong Kong .
Ronald Rich as Hans : Blofeld 's personal bodyguard .
David <unk> as Assassin in Bedroom : one of Osato 's henchmen , who kills Aki .
Peter Maivia as Car Driver : one of Osato 's henchmen , who fights Bond .
WASP @-@ 13b has an orbital inclination of <unk> , which means that it orbits almost edge @-@ on as seen from Earth .
Primary structure : the amino acid sequence . A protein is a <unk> .
Quaternary structure : the structure formed by several protein molecules ( polypeptide chains ) , usually called protein subunits in this context , which function as a single protein complex .
A special case of intramolecular hydrogen bonds within proteins , poorly shielded from water attack and hence promoting their own dehydration , are called <unk> .
A vast array of computational methods have been developed to analyze the structure , function , and evolution of proteins .
Comparative <unk> Database curates protein – chemical interactions , as well as gene / protein – disease relationships and chemical @-@ disease relationships .
Bioinformatic Harvester A Meta search engine ( 29 databases ) for gene and protein information .
Proteopedia – Life in 3D : rotatable , zoomable 3D model with wiki annotations for every known protein molecular structure .
The discography of LiSA includes three studio albums , one extended play , ten singles , and five video albums .
Aston Villa have won European and domestic league honours . The club 's last major honour was in 1996 when they won the League Cup .
Note : Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules . Players may hold more than one non @-@ FIFA nationality .
Note : Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules . Players may hold more than one non @-@ FIFA nationality .
Note : Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules . Players may hold more than one non @-@ FIFA nationality .
The following managers have all won at least one trophy when in charge or have been notable for Villa in the context of the League , for example Jozef Vengloš who holds a League record .
Timmy , along with two female gorillas , <unk> and Paki , left the Bronx Zoo for the Louisville Zoo in May 2004 .
Pattycake 's mother Lulu died in early 2011 .
Everywhere Innis went his methods were the same : he interviewed people connected with the production of staple products and listened to their stories .
Although cadmium has no known biological function in higher organisms , a cadmium @-@ dependent carbonic anhydrase has been found in marine diatoms .
The structures of many cadmium complexes with nucleobases , amino acids , and vitamins have been determined .
Metallic cadmium can be found is the Vilyuy River basin in Siberia .
The British Geological Survey reports that in 2001 , China was the top producer of cadmium with almost one @-@ sixth of the world 's production , closely followed by South Korea and Japan .
Cadmium is a common component of electric batteries , pigments , coatings , and electroplating .
Cadmium @-@ selective sensors based on the <unk> <unk> have been developed for imaging and sensing of cadmium in cells .
The highest concentration of cadmium is absorbed in the kidneys of humans , and up to about 30 mg of cadmium is commonly inhaled throughout human childhood and adolescence .
Cadmium can be used to block calcium channels in chicken neurons . Analytical methods for the determination of cadmium in biological samples have been reviewed .
The biogeochemistry of cadmium and its release to the environment has been the subject of review , as has the speciation of cadmium in the environment .
The bioinorganic aspects of cadmium toxicity have been reviewed .
Zinc , Cu , Ca , and Fe ions , and selenium with vitamin C are used to treat Cd intoxication , though it is not easily reversed .
Because of the adverse effects of cadmium on the environment and human health , the supply and use of cadmium is restricted in Europe under the REACH Regulation .
Track listing and credits from album booklet .
In a 2012 interview with <unk> , Diamandis said that the album 's title came from a slang term for testes , but she had been too coy to admit it before .
Credits adapted from the liner notes of The Family Jewels .
Credits adapted from the liner notes of The Family Jewels .
The following is adapted from the album liner notes .
Kilmer 's poetry was influenced by " his strong religious faith and dedication to the natural beauty of the world . "
However , Winchell observes that this " series of fanciful analogies ... could be presented in any order without damaging the overall structure of his poem . "
In his 1997 book of essays entitled The Geography of the Imagination , American writer Guy Davenport suggests a different inspiration for Kilmer 's poem .
The specific name is derived from the Latin sex meaning " six " and <unk> meaning " spot " . This is a reference to the six spots typically occurring on the abdomen of the male .
The species was first described by entomologist Nicholas Marcellus Hentz in 1845 in the Boston Journal of Natural History . Hentz named the species Attus sexpunctatus and described it as follows :
The abdomen is bronze to black with a white basal band and two white transverse bands . The transverse bands are often broken to form six spots . Some or all of these spots may be lacking , however .
Mud <unk> wasps , which capture and paralyze spiders as a source of food for their larvae , have been shown to prey on both male and female Z. sexpunctatus spiders .
The Wolfpack proceeded to run out the clock and took a 21 – 10 lead into halftime .
Virginia Tech would go on to join the Atlantic Coast Conference , which NC State was a member of , in 2004 . The ACC now sends a team to the later @-@ renamed Chick @-@ Fil @-@ A Bowl every year .
This list includes known keepers , but excludes assistants and non @-@ officers of the Coast Guard .
The entire highway was in Kent County .
The entire highway was in Grand Rapids Township , Kent County .
The entire highway was in Kent County .
Andrew Stewart ( d . 1501 )
St Mary 's is an active parish church in the diocese of Chester , the archdeaconry of Macclesfield , and the deanery of Knutsford . Its benefice is combined with that of St Catherine 's , Birtles .
The medieval church cross in the churchyard , the Stanley Mausoleum , and the churchyard walls , gate piers and gates , are Grade II listed .
identification of the global structure and dynamics of a giant planet 's magnetosphere .
While scientists require further evidence to determine the extent of a rocky core on Jupiter , its Galilean moons provide the potential opportunity for future human exploration .
Battery Sergeant Major Charles Moritz , who initially joined the volunteer artillery and was the Permanent Artillery 's first recruit .
Today , the monarch exercises the prerogative almost exclusively in line with the advice of her government . Leyland notes that :
This list of ceratopsian genera by classification and location follows a review by Thomas R. Holtz , Jr. in 2010 .
Their study also found an equal consensus cladogram finding <unk> not as a neoceratopsian but a <unk> . Nothing else about the cladograms changed .
Activity @-@ related bone fractures have been documented in ceratopsians . <unk> has also been documented in the shoulder blade of a ceratopsian .
The entire highway is in Kenai Peninsula Borough .
Following the Game Boy 's " overnight success " , Super Mario Land sold over 18 million copies — more than that of Super Mario Bros. 3 .
Sabu ( <unk> ) is a member of the Ōzora Group . He is in love with <unk> 32 Sabu is voiced by Norio Wakamoto .
Glu Mobile developed the mobile version of Guitar Hero 5 , released in the last quarter of 2009 .
Two Guitar Hero products that were announced but never released were a Red Hot Chili Peppers @-@ themed title and a PlayStation Portable title that would have featured a drum component .
Activision , through John <unk> , owns all of <unk> Enterprises ' US and international patents that deal with music games . All patents issued by the USPTO are presumed valid .
All games are published by Activision , except the first Guitar Hero and the PS2 version of Guitar Hero II , which were published by RedOctane .
The English common name fieldfare dates back to at least the eleventh century . The Anglo @-@ Saxon word <unk> perhaps meant traveller through the fields .
In the United Kingdom , at the extreme edge of the fieldfare 's breeding range , only a handful of pairs breed . It is therefore classified by the RSPB as a Red List species as of January 2013 .
Statistics at Kettering Town not recorded .
Illinois was Sufjan Stevens ' greatest commercial and critical success to date . For the first time , his work charted on the Billboard 200 and received several awards from critics .
All songs written and composed by Sufjan Stevens and published by New Jerusalem Music , ASCAP .
Smith AH . ( 1947 ) . North American species of Mycena . Ann Arbor , Michigan : University of Michigan Press .
Bennett also wrote an early dystopian novel , The Heads of Cerberus ( 1919 ) .
Critic Sam Moskowitz said she was the " greatest woman writer of science fiction in the period between Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley and C.L. Moore " .
Because Bennett was the first American woman to have her fantasy and science fiction widely published , she has been recognized in recent years as a pioneering female fantasy author .
The following credits are from Allmusic .
In accounts tracing the ancestry of Mohammed back to Ma 'ad ( and from there to Adam ) , Arab scholars alternate , with some citing the line as through Nebaioth , others Qedar .
Hampshire deducted 3 points for a slow over @-@ rate in their match against Worcestershire .
Durham deducted 1 point for a slow over @-@ rate in their match against Sussex .
Somerset deducted 1 point for a slow over @-@ rate in their match against Durham .
Team marked ( C ) won the County Championship .
Teams marked ( R ) were relegated to Division Two of the County Championship .
Points , NRR = Net run rate .
Teams marked * progressed to the next stage of the competition .
Teams marked † were eliminated from the competition .
Points , NRR = Net run rate .
Teams marked * progressed to the next stage of the competition .
Teams marked † were eliminated from the competition .
Points , NRR = Net run rate .
Team marked ( C ) won the NatWest Pro40 .
Points , NRR = Net run rate .
Presently , the Singing Cadets perform primarily in state , along with a sprinkling of national and international tours . The Cadets perform 70 @-@ 80 concerts a year .
Professor A. M. Soule
Professor T. P. Junkin
Professor J. J. <unk>
The following table lists the major junctions along Highway 36 , as noted by the Ministry of Transportation of Ontario . In addition , it includes some minor junctions .
The entire route is in Coconino County .
Ferranti Technologies is an electronic , electromechanical and electrical engineering company based in Waterhead .
In the heart of Oldham ’ s retail district , the Old Town Hall is being developed into a modern multiplex <unk> cinema .
People from Oldham are called <unk> , though " <unk> " is a nickname from the 18th century when rough felt was used in Oldham to make hats .
Edward Potts was a renowned architect who moved to Oldham from Bury . He was the architect for fourteen mills in the Oldham area .
Notable musicians from Oldham include the Inspiral Carpets and Mark Owen of boyband Take That .
The song was later included on the deluxe edition of Clarkson 's fifth studio album , Stronger , in 2011 .
All songs written by Kurt Cobain .
After a conference with leading counsel and the police , a decision was taken , in agreement with all parties , that there was insufficient evidence for a realistic prospect of conviction .
Reportedly he told another inmate that " she deserved it " as had discovered his wife being unfaithful .
On 6 December 2007 , it was reported that Clarion Solicitors , representing Gordon Park , said that they would launch an appeal . In a public statement , they said :
Note : Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules . Players may hold more than one non @-@ FIFA nationality .
For a list of former Dover Athletic players with Wikipedia articles , see Category : Dover Athletic F.C. players .
The English variety of plum cake also exists on the European mainland , although " plum cake " there more usually refers to baked cakes made with fresh , rather than dried fruit .
In Italy , plum cake is known by the English name , baked in an oven using dried fruit and often yoghurt .
The Polish version of plum cake , which also uses fresh fruit , is known as <unk> z <unk> .
In India plum cake has been served around the time of the Christmas holiday season , and may have additional ingredients such as rum or brandy added .
The entire route was in Newark , Essex County .
Meyerbeer 's concern to integrate musical power with all the resources of contemporary theatre anticipated in some ways the ideas of Wagner 's Gesamtkunstwerk . Becker writes :
Mendelssohn disapproved of Meyerbeer 's works on moral grounds , believing Robert le diable to be ' ignoble ' .
Vernon <unk> played the role of Giacomo Meyerbeer in the 1983 film Wagner .
The entire highway is within unincorporated Benton County .
The Augustan History claims that a cousin of the king named Maeonius killed him , while the Anonymus post Dionem names the assassin as another Odaenathus .
Vaballathus : he is attested on several coins , inscriptions , and in the ancient literature .
Odaenathus is viewed negatively in Rabbinic sources ; his sack of Nehardea mortified the Jews , and he was cursed by the Babylonian Jews and the Jews of Palestine .
B. sect . Banksia ( 9 series , 50 species , 9 subspecies , 3 varieties )
B. sect . Coccinea ( 1 species )
B. ser . Spicigerae ( 7 species , 2 subspecies , 4 varieties )
B. ser . Tricuspidae ( 1 species )
B. ser . Dryandroideae ( 1 species )
B. sphaerocarpa ( 3 varieties )
B. leptophylla ( 2 varieties )
B. meisneri ( 2 subspecies )
B. nutans ( 2 varieties )
B. subg . Isostylis ( 3 species )
Of these , zoologists Colin Groves and Peter Grubb identify O. o. hastata , O. o. montana , O. o. ourebi and O. o. <unk> as independent species in their 2011 publication <unk> Taxonomy .
Credits adapted from the inlay cover of Rated R.
All the high reliefs of the portals of the cathedral were inspired by the work of Flemish painter Peter Paul Rubens .
This altar was damaged by fire in January 1967 but has been completely restored .
This altar has been under restoration since 2003 .
The Herrera door opens into the sacristy , the oldest part of the cathedral . It is a mixture of Renaissance and Gothic styles .
A cabinet on the west wall of the Sacristy , under the Virgin of the Apocalypse painting , once held golden chalices and cups trimmed with precious stones , as well as other utensils .
In 1957 , The wooden floor and platform around the perimeter of the Sacristy were replaced with stone .
The cathedral contains other crypts and niches where other religious figures are buried , including in the chapels .
Credits lifted from the album liner notes for Until the Whole World Hears .
Recorded Zoo Studio in Franklin , Tennessee .
Strings recorded at Ocean Way in Nashville , Tennessee .
Following the season , deGrom received a Wilson Defensive Player of the Year Award as the best defensive player statistically at his position in Major League Baseball .
DeGrom is known for his long hair , which he began to grow out while at Stetson . His starts with the Mets led to the trending hashtag on Twitter of " # <unk> " .
He began to perform at the Ten O 'Clock Scholar , a coffeehouse a few blocks from campus , and became involved in the Dinkytown folk music circuit .
Dylan 's longtime road manager Victor <unk> has claimed that the singer quit drinking alcohol in 1994 . <unk> felt that Dylan sobering up made him " more introverted and a little less social . "
Since 1994 , Dylan has published six books of paintings and drawings .
When not touring , Dylan is believed to live primarily in Point Dume , a promontory on the coast of Malibu , California , though he also owns property around the world .
S. cirrhifer is host of the <unk> copepod parasite <unk> <unk> , which mostly infects the fins of the female fish .
Mogadishu is home to a number of scholastic institutions . As part of the government 's urban renewal program , 100 schools across the capital are scheduled to be refurbished and reopened .
The Port of Mogadishu , also known as the Mogadishu International Port , is the official seaport of Mogadishu . Classified as a major class port , it is the largest harbour in the country .
Charmbracelet was certified Gold in both Brazil and Hong Kong by Associação Brasileira dos Produtores de Discos ( ABPD ) and IFPI Hong Kong respectively .
Credits for Charmbracelet taken from the album 's liner notes .
Recording locations are adapted from Charmbracelet liner notes .
Measurements made of the apparent diameter of Venus during the transit , and comparison with its known diameter , will give scientists an idea of how to estimate exoplanet sizes .
Spectrographic data taken of the well @-@ known atmosphere of Venus will be compared to studies of exoplanets whose atmospheres are thus far unknown .
All exits are unnumbered .
A personal highlight for Federer came near the end of the season when he finally won his hometown tournament the Swiss Indoors in Basel , Switzerland .
Federer won two more events , the first at the Madrid Masters over Nadal on clay . The second was in Cincinnati over Novak Djokovic .
Federer played well at the Australian Open , defeating Jo @-@ Wilfried Tsonga and Andy Murray to reach his 11th consecutive semifinal in Melbourne , before losing to Rafael Nadal in straight sets .
Federer and Nadal have been playing each other since 2004 , and their rivalry is a significant part of both men 's careers .
Hewitt and Federer teamed up in the men 's doubles at Wimbledon in 1999 . They got to the third round before losing to Jonas Björkman and Pat Rafter .
These records were attained in the Open Era of tennis .
Records in bold indicate peerless achievements .
Records in italics are currently active streaks .
McCall admitted in his autobiography , The Real McCall , he wanted to manage Bradford .
Scores and results list Scotland 's goal tally first .
L. c. <unk> ( G. S. Miller )
L. c. <unk> ( Gray ) – coastal southern California to Baja California Norte
L. c. californicus ( Gray ) – coastal Oregon to coastal and Central Valley California
L. c. <unk> ( E. R. Hall )
L. c. deserticola ( Mearns ) – southern Idaho to Sonora
L. c. <unk> ( J. A. Allen ) – central Arizona to Sonora
L. c. <unk> ( Nelson )
L. c. magdalenae ( Nelson )
L. c. <unk> ( J. M. Stowell )
L. c. melanotis ( Mearns ) – South Dakota to Iowa , Missouri , and central Texas
L. c. <unk> ( Mearns ) – south @-@ central and southeastern Texas to Tamaulipas
L. c. <unk> ( Bachman ) – central California
L. c. <unk> ( W. H. Burt )
L. c. texianus ( Waterhouse ) – southeastern Utah and southwestern Colorado to Zacatecas
L. c. <unk> ( Merriam ) – eastern Washington to northeastern California and northwestern Nevada
L. c. <unk> ( Thomas )
However , Lawrence 's orders for a general advance on 5 August beginning at 04 : 00 included an advance by the Anzac Mounted Division . His orders read :
At daylight on 10 August , strong patrols went forward and remained in touch with the force at Bir el Abd throughout the day , but without fresh troops , an attack in force could not be made .
Chauvel responded by pointing out that the criticisms of the battle were in danger of obscuring the significance of the victory .
David Zinc , Finley & Figg Associate attorney - Prototypical Grisham young hot shot Harvard graduate lawyer whose life is turned upside down .
Rochelle Gibson , Finley & Figg secretary - Former claimant against Finley & Figg who holds the firm together .
Nadine Karros , Defendant 's leading litigator recruited by Varrick .
Harry Seawright , federal judge .
Jerry Alisandros , mass tort operator who brings F & F into his firm 's fold .
Rueben Massey , CEO Varrick .
Anderson Zinc , David 's father ( Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Minnesota ) ( per Ch . 15 )
Caroline Zinc , David 's mother ( art and photography teacher ) ( per Ch . 15 )
As a group , the Sclerodermatineae have a broad distribution , and some genera ( Pisolithus and Scleroderma ) have been found on all continents except Antarctica .
The television show the family is watching near the beginning of the show is an episode from the 1974 ABC sitcom Happy Days .
Speed and Pops from Speed Racer make an appearance at the Soap Box Derby starting line and again when the Griffins prepare to leave for Manhattan .
When Peter has to search for his spiritual guide , it turns out to be Fonzie from Happy Days .
The end of the episode features a parody of the The More You Know series of public service announcements .
The rhyme is one of the best known and most popular in the English language . The most common modern text is :
Humpty appears in Lewis Carroll 's Through the Looking @-@ Glass ( 1872 ) , where he discusses semantics and pragmatics with Alice .
Humpty Dumpty smiled contemptuously . " Of course you don 't — till I tell you . I meant ' there 's a nice knock @-@ down argument for you ! ' "
It has been suggested by A. J. Larner that Carroll 's Humpty Dumpty had prosopagnosia on the basis of his description of his finding faces hard to recognise .
A variation on the poem using near @-@ sounding French nonsense words is often used to illustrate the difficulty of speech recognition in different languages . A common version is as follows :
To a listener expecting a nursery rhyme , it will generally be heard as the English version , while someone expecting French will instead tend to hear nonsense words .
England players traditionally wear a white shirt with a Rose embroidered on the chest , white shorts , and navy blue socks with a white trim .
The pitch at Twickenham was replaced by a hybrid ' Desso ' type , in June 2012 , which uses artificial fibres entwined with real grass . This makes it a lot harder wearing in wet conditions .
In 2015 , England became the first sole host nation to fail to qualify for the knockout stage , exiting the pool stage after losses to Wales and Australia .
On 30 May , Luther Burrell replaced Manu <unk> in the touring squad , after <unk> withdrew from the squad due to injury .
Four former England representatives have been inducted into the International Rugby Hall of Fame : Bill Beaumont , Martin Johnson , Jason Leonard and Wavell Wakefield .
The wrecksite is designated as a protected place under the Protection of Military Remains Act 1986 .
Republican Party officials quickly began to back Tufaro , who criticized the Democratic Party by pointing out that Democrats have led Baltimore in its decline .
Fifteen candidates ended up running in the Democratic primary . The front @-@ runners were considered to be O 'Malley , Bell , and Stokes . Schmoke made no endorsement in the race .
In the September 14 Republican primary , Tufaro received over half of the votes cast . Adair finished in second place .
Arikamedu is an archaeological site in Southern India , <unk> , <unk> Commune , Puducherry . It is 4 kilometres ( 2 @.@ 5 mi ) from the capital , Pondicherry of the Indian territory of Puducherry .
According to Wheeler the finds from the northern and southern part of the mound belong to the period from later part of 1st century BCE to 1st and 2nd centuries CE . Identified structures include :
Mixed at Scream Studios , Miami , FL .
Credits adapted from the liner notes of Good Girl Gone Bad : Reloaded , Def Jam Recordings .
Buster Bros. ( PC Engine ) ( 1991 ) – original music by Tamayo Kawamoto
Super Smash Bros. Brawl ( 2008 ) – arranged " Tetris : Type A " , " <unk> Desert " , and " King Dedede 's Theme "
Little King 's Story ( 2009 ) – arranged Maurice Ravel 's Boléro .
The episode ends with Lisa finally being able to solve the brain teaser she was unable to finish earlier in the episode .
One 2002 study by the American Heart Association suggested stay @-@ at @-@ home dads may face a higher risk of heart disease . The reasons for the health risk are not specified .
As of 4 November 2015 .
To prevent decomposition , the xenon tetroxide thus formed is quickly cooled to form a pale @-@ yellow solid . It explodes above − 35 @.@ 9 ° C into xenon and oxygen gas .
Although xenon is rare and relatively expensive to extract from the Earth 's atmosphere , it has a number of applications .
Xenon is a competitive inhibitor of the serotonin 5 @-@ <unk> receptor . While neither anesthetic nor <unk> this activity reduces anesthesia @-@ emergent nausea and vomiting .
In a ceremony a few days after Juan Perón 's second inauguration , Evita was given the official title of " Spiritual Leader of the Nation . "
In the book Eva Perón : The Myths of a Woman , cultural anthropologist Julie M. Taylor claims that Evita has remained important in Argentina due to the combination of three unique factors :
Alfred Molina as Dr. Stephen Arden
Marg Helgenberger as Dr. Laura Baker
Note : Only the top five positions are included for both sets of standings .
The Agamic texts like the <unk> , the Uttara @-@ <unk> and the Purva @-@ Karanagama prescribe the iconography of the <unk> icon .
Though Kalyanasundara icons are found across India in caves , sculptures and temple walls , no sect is centred on their worship . The icon is a popular feature on temple gopurams ( temple towers ) .
At the Meenakshi Amman Temple , women worship the Kalyanasundara sculpture to find husbands .
Simone 's musical style fused gospel and pop with classical music , in particular Johann Sebastian Bach , and accompanied expressive , jazz @-@ like singing in her contralto voice .
Simone married a New York police detective , Andrew Stroud , in 1961 . He later became her manager and the father of her daughter Lisa , but he abused Simone psychologically and physically .
Two days before her death , Simone was awarded an honorary degree by the Curtis Institute of Music , the music school that had refused to admit her as a student at the beginning of her career .
Simone was inducted into the North Carolina Music Hall of Fame in 2009 .
In 2010 , a statue in her honor was erected in Trade Street in her native Tryon , North Carolina .
M.I.A. ( November 16 – December 1 )
All lyrics written by Edoardo Sanguineti , all music composed by Luciano Berio .
The entire route is in Washington County .
Frank H. Crane as the actor ( adult male lead )
The entire highway was on the Emmet – Cheboygan county line .
He and his wife Peggy lived in Sarasota , Florida . They raised three children together : Patti , Pam , and Jim . Wilhelm died of heart failure in a Sarasota nursing home in 2002 .
The jury delivered a unanimous guilty verdict after three hours of deliberations .
Abu @-@ Jamal was subsequently sentenced to death by the unanimous decision of the jury .
in relation to post @-@ conviction review hearings in 1995 – 6 , whether the presiding judge , who had also presided at the trial , demonstrated unacceptable bias in his conduct .
Abu @-@ Jamal has been made an honorary citizen of about 25 cities around the world , including Montreal , Palermo , and Paris .
In 2009 , Radio host Rush Limbaugh professed no doubt about Abu @-@ Jamal 's guilt , calling him a " notorious Philadelphia murderer " .
Following two seasons spent on various inactive NFL rosters , he became a defendant in a drug possession case . He is scheduled to face his charges in court in January 2012 .
The Last Exit was included in Clark Humphrey 's 2006 book of historical photographs , Vanishing Seattle .
Competitors lip synced along to " Freakum Dress " in the fifth episode of the first season of RuPaul 's Drag Race .
Jazmine Sullivan references the song in her song " Mascara " .
Credits are taken from B 'Day liner notes .
Credits taken from Allmusic .
In advance of the storm , tropical storm advisories and wind warnings were issued from Florida to Maine .
The episode was well received by most television critics . They praised the production values of the series as well as the performances of the lead actors .
The American Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony created by Dick Clark in 1973 .
The Grammy Awards are awarded annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences .
The MTV Video Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony established in 1984 by MTV .
At the end of the first quarter , East Carolina led Boise State 10 – 7 .
At halftime , East Carolina led Boise State 31 – 14 .
At the end of the third quarter , East Carolina led Boise State 38 – 24 .
In the reserve race , Cambridge 's Goldie defeated Oxford 's Isis in the fastest time ever , while Cambridge won the Women 's Boat Race .
Dwayne Johnson as Marvin F. Hinton / Roadblock
D.J. Cotrona as Dashiell R. <unk> / Flint
Channing Tatum as Conrad S. Hauser / Duke
Fort Pike in Louisiana stands in for Fort Sumter in South Carolina as the site of the climactic summit meeting of the leaders of nuclear @-@ armed countries .
The film 's score was composed by Henry Jackman .
Despite the negative critical response , audiences responded favorably . CinemaScore polls found that audiences gave the film an average grade of A @-@ minus .
The episode parodies THX 's infamous ' Deep Note ' .
The trailer advertising Mr. Burns ' search for an heir is a loose parody of the trailer for Toys , a 1992 comedy starring Robin Williams .
Mr. Burns also sings " Let 's All Go to the Lobby " .
Mr. Burns states that he got the idea for installing cameras all through town from Sliver , which he calls a " delightful romp " .
Moe using a home @-@ made sliding action holster with a pistol while looking in a mirror is a reference to Travis Bickle from Taxi Driver .
The scene in which Homer is secretly eating flowers is a reference to a scene in The Last Emperor where the empress eats flowers .
The young boy saying , " Today , sir ? Why , it 's Christmas Day ! " makes a reference to Charles Dickens ' A Christmas Carol .
The room in which " Bart " ( who is really Hans Moleman ) is <unk> in is room number 101 , which is in reference to the novel Nineteen Eighty @-@ Four .
In the deleted scene , the Richard Simmons robot healing itself after Smithers shoots it with a shotgun is a reference to the T @-@ 1000 from Terminator 2 : Judgment Day .
Homer 's quote , " Kids , you tried your best and you failed miserably . The lesson is never try " , was added to The Oxford Dictionary of Quotations in August 2007 .
P. concolor holds the Guinness record for the animal with the greatest number of names , with over 40 in English alone .
Costa Rican cougar ( P. c. costaricensis ) Merriam , 1901
Eastern South American cougar ( P. c. <unk> ) Nelson and Goldman , 1931 :
North American cougar ( P. c. couguar ) Kerr , 1792 :
Northern South American cougar ( P. c. concolor ) Linnaeus , 1771 :
Southern South American cougar ( P. c. puma ) Molina , 1782 :
Florida panther ( P. c. coryi )
With the increase of human development and infrastructure growth in California , the North American Cougar populations are becoming more isolated from one another .
In the southern part of South America , the puma is a top level predator that has controlled the population of guanaco and other species since prehistoric times .
On March 2 , 2011 , the United States Fish and Wildlife Service declared the Eastern cougar ( Puma concolor couguar ) officially extinct .
The pertinent North American subspecies is P. concolor couguar .
The entire route is in Patterson , Putnam County .
Other spellings in English have included <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> and <unk> .
Early Haifa is believed to have occupied the area which extends from the present @-@ day Rambam Hospital to the Jewish Cemetery on <unk> Street . The inhabitants engaged in fishing and agriculture .
The mass evacuation , prompted partly by fear , partly by orders of Arab leaders , left the Arab quarter of Haifa a ghost city ... By withdrawing Arab workers their leaders hoped to paralyze Haifa .
Many of Wadi Salib 's historic Ottoman buildings have now been demolished , and in the 1990s a major section of the Old City was razed to make way for a new municipal center .
Haifa is commonly portrayed as a model of co @-@ existence between Arabs and Jews , although tensions and hostility do still exist .
The Port of Haifa is the leader in passenger traffic among Israeli ports , and is also a major cargo harbor , although deregulation has seen its dominance challenged by the Port of Ashdod .
In 2014 , it was announced that a technology @-@ focused stock exchange would be established to compete with the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange .
Two prestigious Arab schools in Haifa are the Orthodox School , run by the Greek Orthodox church , and the Nazareth Nuns ' School , a Catholic institution .
Lines to the North of the country use HaMifratz Central Bus Station and their coverage includes most towns in the North of Israel . Lines heading south use Haifa Hof HaCarmel Central Bus Station .
The Haifa Hawks are an ice hockey team based out of the city of Haifa . They participate in the Israeli League , the top level of Israeli ice hockey .
The entire route is in Crown Point , Essex County .
On 5 July 2016 , Torres extended his contract to a permanent contract for one year with Atlético Madrid .
Credits adapted from the album 's liner notes .
Wynter , Kareen ( May 8 , 2008 ) . " Attacking Scientology : The Church of Scientology faces a new breed of Internet attacks . Kareen Wynter reports . " . CNN . ( Video broadcast )
Omaha was not projected to become a great city or bigger than its neighbor across the Missouri River , Council Bluffs , Iowa . In 1856 a land speculator reported to his East Coast concerns that ,
In August 1859 Abraham Lincoln visited land he had invested in Council Bluffs , and while there did not consider it worth the time to cross the river to the village of Omaha .
In 2005 a portion of the Lincoln Highway in Omaha was listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Airlines serving Omaha include American , Delta , Frontier , Southwest , United and US Airways .
The Missouri River Pedestrian Bridge will connect Miller 's Landing to Council Bluffs in 2009 . A riverfront trail will run the length of the river from the South Omaha Bridge to <unk> Dodge Park .
The Port of Omaha was located downtown where Miller 's Landing is now . In addition to handling outbound barge shipments of grain , it also handled inbound shipments of steel and asphalt .
The Omaha District of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers operates from the city .
The song is in the key of E flat Mixolydian , with a main chord progression of E ♭ - B ♭ m - Fm .
A number of versions and remixes of " Clocks " exist .
In 2004 , R & B singer Brandy , together with producer Timbaland , sampled " Clocks " for her song " Should I Go " on her fourth studio album Afrodisiac .
A remixed cover of the song is included on the soundtrack of the 2007 video game Dance Dance Revolution : Hottest Party for the Wii console .
The song , albeit with altered lyrics , appears in the Two and a Half Men episode " <unk> Your Magic <unk> . "
A version of the song in the style of Buena Vista Social Club appears on the 2006 Rhythms del Mundo album .
In early 1994 , Khoo was retrenched from KFC as a result of an ownership change , despite contributing to increased sales and profitability . He said :
Credits are adapted from the Happy to You liner notes .
The entire highway is in King County .
The flight had been scheduled to land at Hartsfield @-@ Jackson Atlanta International Airport at 7 : 18 a.m.
Captain Clay 's wife strongly disputes laying primary blame on the pilots , stating that other factors contributed , " including an under @-@ staffed control tower and an inaccurate runway map " .
The station provides correspondence to the bus lines 23 and 24 at a nearby bus stop in Kaj <unk> vei .
Berg has two platforms , each with a wooden shed and ticket machines . The sheds are designed by Arne Henriksen in a minimalistic and standardised style with constructions of wood and steel .
Although logging continues in the region , the Adams is no longer used for log transport .
Each story of The One I Love consists of seven pages of manga and an accompanying essay .
Source : Rolltide.com All @-@ time Football Results : 2010 Season
Starters and backups .
In the summer of 1918 , O 'Brien was transferred to the French coast where she continued her antisubmarine patrols through the end of the war .
Hakim has refused a position on the Asia Pacific Screen Awards numerous times , due to being unable to reconcile her schedule with the awards .
Dr. Siti Pertiwi ( 1980 )
Patrick Malahide as the Reverend J.G. Keach
I felt that if I couldn ’ t do it in the present , suggesting internal pain by performance , then I wouldn ’ t really want to do it at all .
Chess playing programs <unk> and Deep Thought defeated chess masters in 1989 . Both were developed by Carnegie Mellon University ; Deep Thought development paved the way for the Deep Blue .
Following the storm , the name Graham was retired from the Australian region basin .
Other varieties that can be found include <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> blanche , Grenache blanc , Grenache gris , Picpoul , <unk> , and Rolle .
The majority of wine produced in the Languedoc are labeled vin <unk> . There is also sizable production of Vins Doux Naturels .
Silver Bullet 's layout passes through three of the park 's themed areas : Ghost Town , Fiesta Village , and Indian Trails .
Surya as <unk> Varma , Indu 's father . Raghuveer manipulates him for access to Indu and kills him just before he accepts Harsha 's proposal to marry Indu .
Sunil as Harsha 's gullible friend . He accompanies him most of the time and constantly warns him about Indu exploiting him financially .
Sameer as Maan Singh , the commander @-@ in @-@ chief of Sher Khan 's army who informs Sher Khan about Bhairava 's strengths .
Chiranjeevi in a cameo appearance in the item song " Bangaru Kodipetta " .
Mumaith Khan as Reshma , the dirt bike race organiser . She also appears in " Bangaru Kodipetta " .
Kim Sharma as Hamsa , a dancer who appears in the item song " <unk> " .
Brahmanandam as Indu 's neighbour .
The film won the National Award for Best Choreography and Best Special Effects at the 57th National Film Awards . The film also won six Filmfare Awards , nine Nandi Awards , and ten CineMAA Awards .
Two artillery platoons and one section of M @-@ 24 tanks in support .
While Crush and its Nintendo 3DS port Crush 3D retain the same gameplay mechanics and premise , the two versions feature different plots .
Amanita muscaria and Amanita pantherina are illegal to buy , sell , or possess since December 2008 . Possession of amounts larger than <unk> dried or 5g fresh lead to a criminal charge .
The standard British Monopoly board has the Strand in a group with two roads it connects to ; Fleet Street and Trafalgar Square .
The Philadelphia chapter of the Baseball Writers ' Association of America presented him the " Steve Carlton Most Valuable Pitcher " award for the second consecutive year .
Rob Neyer a sabermetrician and columnist for ESPN.com , contradicted anyone who asserted Hamels ' skills had deteriorated , instead commenting ,
The solitaires are the size of an average turkey cock , grey and white in colour . They inhabit the tops of mountains . Their food is only worms and filth , taken on or in the soil .
The figures in parentheses are for storms in the Central Pacific basin west of 140 ° W ; those not in parenthesis are for the Eastern Pacific basin .
One name from the Central Pacific list was used – Aka . It was the first usage for that name .
In North America , the term track and field may be used to refer to other athletics events , such as the marathon , rather than strictly track @-@ based events .
Track and field contains some of the foremost kinds of throwing sports , and the four major disciplines are the only pure throwing events to feature at the Olympic Games .
In addition to hosting the World Indoor Championships , the IAAF has hosted the IAAF World Indoor Tour since 2016 .
Isabella was buried at West Norwood Cemetery on 11 February . When The Dictionary of Every @-@ Day Cookery was published in the same year , Samuel added a tribute to his wife at the end :
It is the only episode of the entire series in which Aubrey Plaza does not appear as April Ludgate .
Charles Dickens also visited Bath on several occasions . He gave public readings in the Assembly Rooms and mentions them in The Pickwick Papers ( published in 1837 ) :
Barrow was an able boxer . He once fought John L. Sullivan in an exhibition for four rounds .
Credits adapted from the liner notes of Born Sinner .
J. Cole – lead vocals , songwriting , production
The Northwest Ordinance of 1787 in theory outlawed slavery in the Northwest Territory including the Minnesota area . The ordinance specifically stated
There shall be neither slavery nor involuntary servitude in the said territory , otherwise than in the punishment of crime , whereof the party shall have been duly convicted .
Although the weakest of Kodokan shiten @-@ no , Tomita was able to defeat the great jujutsu champion of that time , <unk> Nakamura , from the Tenjin Shin 'yō @-@ ryū style .
A conflicting account provided by the New York Times on February 21 , referring to Tomita as " Prof. <unk> , " states that
Maeda was fond of the name and started using it to promote his art thereafter .
In May 1956 , a memorial to Maeda was erected in Hirosaki City , Japan . The dedication ceremony was attended by <unk> Kano and <unk> <unk> .
Arai <unk> in <unk> ( 1717 ) suggests that ki means " stench " , tsu is a possessive particle , and ne is related to <unk> , the word for " dog " .
Kitsu is now archaic ; in modern Japanese , a fox 's cry is transcribed as kon kon or gon gon .
So every evening she stole back and slept in his arms .
The fox later saves his life by leading him past a band of armed robbers .
The entire route is in Westchester County .
Hurricane Tanya was the first storm to be designated with a name starting with " T " since naming of Atlantic tropical cyclones began in 1950 .
The kakapo is primarily nocturnal ; it roosts under cover in trees or on the ground during the day and moves around its territories at night .
Andi Peters expressed his intention to move on in March 1996 , and Emma Forbes decided to follow after finding out she was pregnant .
Growing into adolescence , he was said to strongly resemble his Hawaiian mother . Robert G. Carter gave a brief description of his appearance in wartime letters first published in 1897 :
Sharpsburg . Was taken prisoner by Stuart 's
Warren has also served as the island 's nurse , its only police officer , a ham radio operator , and as a member of the territory 's governing council , among many other roles .
Pitcairn has a small population . The island 's 48 residents often serve in several capacities or jobs . Warren describes her many roles on her personal website :
Bing West , served in the mortar platoon during the Vietnam War in 1965 .
The Hong Kong setting is alluded to by the scene wherein the characters are drinking San Miguel Beer a cultural staple of the East Asian megalopolis .
Fowler also scored braces against Aston Villa , Ipswich Town , Chelsea and Norwich City in the league that season .
In May 2016 it was revealed that Fowler would return to the pitch to play for England in Soccer Aid , a charity football match in aid of UNICEF , alongside Jamie Carragher .
In October 2013 it was announced that Fowler would be taking up a coaching role with Liverpool FC at the academy .
On 9 September 2014 , it was revealed Fowler had applied for the vacant head coach / manager job at his former club Leeds United .
Fowler married wife Kerrie on 9 June 2001 in the town of Duns in Scotland . Together they have three daughters named Madison , Jaya , and Mackenzie , and one son , Jacob .
Fowler is a supporter of Liverpool F.C. and regularly attends matches at Anfield . He does media work for Abu Dhabi Sports Channel , Sky Sports and ITV .
Fowler is a cousin of boxer and 2014 Commonwealth Games gold medallist Antony Fowler .
With vases , to one deep in <unk> lore . ( Lines 1 – 10 )
The figures remain mysterious as they circle around the narrator . Eventually they turn towards him and it is revealed that they are Ambition , Love , and Poesy , the themes of the poem :
I knew to be my demon Poesy . ( Lines 31 – 40 )
Posthumously , in 1983 , he received the Mead Award from the Society for the Study of Symbolic Interaction .
His students included Carol Brooks Gardner , Charles Goodwin , Marjorie Goodwin , John <unk> , Gary Marx , Harvey Sacks , Emanuel <unk> , David <unk> and <unk> <unk> .
Goffman saw this book as his magnum opus , but it was not as popular as his earlier works .
Relative Size : Goffman argues that social situation is expressed through the relative size of the persons in the advertisements , with men showing their superiority through their girth and height .
Feminine Touch : Women are frequently depicted touching persons or objects in a ritualistic manner , occasionally just barely touching the object or person .
Function Ranking : When a man and woman are shown in a collaborative manner , the male is more likely to be shown as the higher ranked person than the woman .
Credits are adapted from the liner notes of the album Destiny Fulfilled .
effectively ruled out any chance of a thrust south ... [ and ] ... represented a major blow to Second Army 's intentions and Montgomery 's plan .
One of her more pioneering and innovative charitable causes was the oral instruction of what were then called the deaf and dumb .
In June 2011 , Christie 's auctioned a set of pearl and diamond jewels ( a tiara , brooch and bracelet ) that were originally in Lady Rosebery 's ownership .
Note : Only the top five positions are included for both sets of standings .
Credits for Glitter adapted from the album 's liner notes .
A Christian leader named Abd Allah ibn Abu Bakr ibn Muhammad was martyred in Najran in 523 , as he had worn a ring that said " Allah is my lord " .
Pre @-@ Islamic Arab Christians have been reported to have raised the battle cry " Ya La <unk> Allah " ( O slaves of Allah ) to invoke each other into battle .
In Islam , Allah is the unique , omnipotent and only deity and creator of the universe and is equivalent to God in other Abrahamic religions .
Some Muslims leave the name " Allāh " untranslated in English . The word has also been applied to certain living human beings as personifications of the term and concept .
Allāh in other languages that use Arabic script is spelled in the same way . This includes Urdu , Persian / Dari , Uyghur among others .
Many Arabic type fonts feature special ligatures for Allah .
The calligraphic variant of the word used as the Coat of arms of Iran is encoded in Unicode , in the Miscellaneous Symbols range , at <unk> U + <unk> ( <unk> ) .
The snake 's common names include Gaboon viper , butterfly adder , forest puff adder , whisper , <unk> , Gaboon adder , .
In the Philippines , they are served as a delicacy called Camaro in the province of Pampanga and are a tourist attraction . They are also served in parts of Northern Luzon .
MD 194 is a part of the National Highway System as a principal arterial from its southern terminus in Ceresville to Daysville Road in Walkersville and within the city of Taneytown .
Following their conversation the group drank champagne until two in the morning , paid for by the Marseillais merchant .
All songs written by Paul McCartney .
This track marks the start of a five @-@ song medley on the album .
Personnel per booklet .
The human disease occurs in two stages : an acute stage , which occurs shortly after an initial infection , and a chronic stage that develops over many years .
Chagas disease is a growing problem in Europe , because the majority of cases with chronic infection are asymptomatic and because of migration from Latin America .
A yeast trap can be used for monitoring infestations of certain species of triatomine bugs ( Triatoma <unk> , Triatoma brasiliensis , Triatoma <unk> , and <unk> <unk> ) .
Promising results were gained with the treatment of vector habitats with the fungus Beauveria bassiana .
Targeting the symbionts of Triatominae through <unk> can be done .
A reference by David Rothe , bishop of <unk> , in Ireland , to a " Joane [ also recorded as Jane ] Baltimore now wife " of Calvert , reveals that Baltimore had recently remarried .
Baltimore was determined to visit his colony in person . In May 1626 , he wrote to Wentworth :
Baltimore sent his children home to England in August . By the time the king 's letter reached Avalon , he had departed with his wife and servants for Virginia .
The Ernie Kovacs Show , the first truly innovative show in what was then visual radio , not television .
The occasional short @-@ pitched ball aimed at the batsman ( a bouncer ) has never been illegal and is still in widespread use as a tactic .
There is no way I will be influenced to adopt such tactics which bring such discredit to the game . I know Tim could do it but I am not going to participate in actions that can only hurt the game .
I don 't want to see you , Mr Warner . There are two teams out there , one is playing cricket . The other is making no attempt to do so .
Within the poem , Tennyson does not teach the audience what melancholy means . Instead , he describes its various aspects as he begins :
That held the pear to the gable @-@ wall .
Upon the lonely moated grange .
Either at morn or eventide . ( lines 13 – 16 )
She is surrounded by stillness and there is little movement within the poem . The water is calm and there is only the growth of moss :
The clustered <unk> @-@ mosses crept . ( lines 37 – 40 )
Was sloping toward his western bower . ( lines 77 – 80 )
Jonathon <unk> wrote in his early career , " The poem [ Mariana ] is an outstanding insight into the primitive ideal that is Tennyson 's take on life in all its worthlessness . "
In the alternative future timeline portrayed in " Endgame " , the Star Trek : Voyager finale , Pulaski is said to have worked at the Starfleet Medical facility in San Francisco .
The noisy miner is similar in appearance to the yellow @-@ throated miner and the black @-@ eared miner ; it has a dull white forehead and a black crown , while the others have grey heads .
The noisy miner also produces non @-@ vocal sounds by clicking or snapping its bill , usually during antagonistic encounters with other bird species , or when mobbing a predator .
In flowering plants , this condition occurs in sieve tube elements .
In October 2015 , NASA released a true color portrait of Ceres made by Dawn .
Ceres follows an orbit between Mars and Jupiter , within the asteroid belt , with a period of 4 @.@ 6 Earth years . The orbit is moderately inclined ( i
There are indications that Ceres may have a tenuous water vapor atmosphere outgassing from water ice on the surface .
The Chinese Space Agency is designing a sample retrieval mission from Ceres that would take place during the 2020s .
Eilean a ' Cheò , which means island of the mist ( a translation of the Norse name ) , is a poetic Gaelic name for the island .
Florida Atlantic University is home to a number of sports @-@ related traditions and school spirit organizations .
Competition . " Governments are competing aggressively in the <unk> race to dominate in the clean @-@ tech sector and build the jobs of the future . "
Consumers . " Savvy consumers are demanding cleaner products and services that use resources efficiently , reduce costs , and embrace quality over quantity . "
Climate . " The debate around climate change has gone from question mark to peer @-@ reviewed certainty , and smart businesses are taking heed . "
The six C ’ s are a simple list of factors , not necessarily a useful framework for understanding , or profiting from , the clean technology industry .
The Clean Tech Revolution was followed by the 2012 book Clean Tech Nation : How the U.S. Can Lead in the New Global Economy .
Condoms excel as multipurpose containers and barriers because they are waterproof , elastic , durable , and ( for military and espionage uses ) will not arouse suspicion if found .
Medically , condoms can be used to cover <unk> ultrasound probes , or in field chest needle decompressions they can be used to make a one @-@ way valve .
Condoms have also been used to protect scientific samples from the environment , and to waterproof microphones for underwater recording .
The most common non @-@ latex condoms are made from polyurethane . Condoms may also be made from other synthetic materials , such as AT @-@ 10 resin , and most recently polyisoprene .
However , polyurethane condoms are less elastic than latex ones , and may be more likely to slip or break than latex , lose their shape or bunch up more than latex , and are more expensive .
The anti @-@ rape condom is another variation designed to be worn by women . It is designed to cause pain to the attacker , hopefully allowing the victim a chance to escape .
A collection condom is used to collect semen for fertility treatments or sperm analysis . These condoms are designed to maximize sperm life .
Some condom @-@ like devices are intended for entertainment only , such as glow @-@ in @-@ the dark condoms . These novelty condoms may not provide protection against pregnancy and STDs .
Casanova in the 18th century was one of the first reported using " assurance caps " to prevent impregnating his mistresses .
Some moral and scientific criticism of condoms exists despite the many benefits of condoms agreed on by scientific consensus and sexual health experts .
Middle @-@ Eastern couples who have not had children , because of the strong desire and social pressure to establish fertility as soon as possible within marriage , rarely use condoms .
The cladogram below follows an analysis by Andrew McDonald , 2012 .
Only two species assigned to Iguanodon are still considered to be valid .
I. <unk> , described in 2015 , is based on adult and juvenile remains found in Barremian @-@ age deposits in Teruel , Spain .
Iguanodon <unk> ( or <unk> <unk> ) , described by Czech palaeontologist Antonin Fritsch in 1893 , is a dubious <unk> reptile now known as <unk> <unk> .
I. prestwichii ( also spelled I. <unk> ) , described by John Hulke in 1880 , has been reassigned to Camptosaurus prestwichii or to its own genus <unk> .
Two species described by Richard Lydekker in the late 19th century have been reassigned to different genera .
I. fittoni was described by Lydekker in 1889 . Like I. dawsoni , this species was described from the Wadhurst Clay of East Sussex . It is now the type species of Hypselospinus .
I. <unk> ( also incorrectly spelled I. <unk> ) , described by Hulke two years after I. prestwichii , has been synonymised with Iguanodon bernissartensis , though this is controversial .
I. <unk> , described by Emanuel <unk> in 1871 , has been reassigned to <unk> <unk> .
Harry Seeley described I. phillipsi in 1869 , but later reassigned it to <unk> .
The nomen nudum " <unk> " ( van den Broeck , 1900 ) also belongs here .
I. <unk> , described by Peter Galton and James A. Jensen in 1979 , is a nomen dubium based on teeth from the possibly Aptian @-@ age lower Cedar Mountain Formation of Utah .
All exits are unnumbered .
In February 2001 , Mosley announced his intention to stand again for the presidency in October of that year , saying that if successful this third term would be his last .
Castrol Gold Medal from the Institute of Motor Industry in the year 2000 .
National Road Safety Council NGO , Armenia , 2005 .
Secretary , Oxford Union Society , 1961 .
The brigade took command of the 6th , 65th and 84th Engineer battalions .
The Winston Tunnel is a railroad tunnel located 9 miles ( 14 @.@ 5 kilometers ) west of Elizabeth , Illinois .
When the Chicago Great Western was federalized during World War I , a contingent of Illinois National Guardsmen were assigned to protect the tunnel .
On 10 May , Warren Gatland named a 35 @-@ man squad for their June 3 @-@ test series against New Zealand , pre @-@ tour test against England and the mid week match against the Chiefs .
On 29 May , after injury to Dan Lydiate in the England warm @-@ up match , Ellis Jenkins was called up to the squad to replace Lydiate .
On 7 June , Aaron Jarvis was called up to the squad as injury cover for Paul James . Jarvis later became a permanent replacement after James failed to recover form his injury .
On 11 June , Aled Davies joined the squad as an injury replacement for Lloyd Williams .
Following the first test , Keelan Giles and Rhys <unk> were called up to the squad as injury cover .
Anekāntavāda is one of the three Jain doctrines of relativity used for logic and reasoning . The other two are :
nayavāda — the theory of partial standpoints .
These Jain philosophical concepts made important contributions to ancient Indian philosophy , especially in the areas of skepticism and relativity .
syād @-@ avaktavyaḥ — in some ways , it is indescribable .
According to the Jains , Syādvāda and kevalajñāna ( omniscience ) are the foundational facts of knowledge . In this regard , Āchārya Samantabhadra writes :
The ancient Jain texts often explain the concepts of <unk> and syādvāda with the parable of the blind men and an elephant ( <unk> ) , which addresses the manifold nature of truth .
Divākara : None of the above . Every one has his own definition of ' truth ' and that it is conditional .
Mahāvīra encouraged his followers to study and understand rival traditions in his Acaranga Sutra : " <unk> one philosophical view through the comprehensive study of another one . "
In defense of the doctrine , Jains point out that anekāntavāda seeks to reconcile apparently opposing viewpoints rather than refuting them .
Ace Attorney Investigations 2 is the second entry in the Investigations series . It was released for the Nintendo DS in 2011 in Japan , but has not been released in the West .
Chandler , David P. The Tragedy of Cambodian History . New Haven CT : Yale University Press , 1991 .
Gitlin , Todd , The Sixties : Years of Hope , Days of Rage . New York : Bantam Books , 1987 .
Karnow , Stanley , Vietnam : A History . New York : Viking Books , 1983 .
Kennedy , Denis , Tracks in the Jungle in The Army at War . Boston : Boston Publishing Company , 1987 .
Morocco , John , Operation Menu in War in the Shadows . Boston : Boston Publishing Company , 1988 .
Palmer , Dave Richard ( 1978 ) . Summons of the Trumpet : The History of the Vietnam War from a Military Man 's Viewpoint . New York : Ballantine .
Shawcross , William , Sideshow : Kissinger , Nixon and the Destruction of Cambodia . New York : Washington Square Books , 1979 .
During the Birth Period , Varanasi was connected by a road starting from Taxila and ending at <unk> .
Feroz Shah ordered Hindu temples at Varanasi destroyed in 1376 .
The Physical Education Faculty of Arts of BHU offers diploma courses in Sports Management , Sports Physiotherapy , Sports Psychology and Sports Journalism .
Lieutenant Colonel Michael Anketell .
Malaya 1942 , and Singapore .
Following nomination , Nixon held his hands in the air with his trademark " V " sign of victory , delivering an acceptance speech written over the preceding weeks . In his speech , he remarked :
Georgian scripts hold the national status of cultural heritage in Georgia , and are currently nominated for inclusion in the UNESCO 's list of the Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity .
The oldest Asomtavruli inscriptions found so far date from the 5th century and are Bir el <unk> and the <unk> inscriptions .
From the 7th century , the forms of some letters began to change . The equal height of the letters was abandoned , with letters acquiring ascenders and descenders .
Note : Some fonts show " capitalized " ( tall ) variants of Nuskhuri and Mkhedruli letters rather than Asomtavruli .
Decorative Asomtavruli capital letters , <unk> ( m ) , <unk> ( n ) and <unk> ( t ) , 12 – 13th century .
Importance was attached also to the colour of the ink itself .
Asomtavruli letter დ ( <unk> ) is often written with decoration effects of fish and birds .
The title of Gospel of Matthew in Asomtavruli " Curly " decorative form .
Note : Without proper font support , you may see question marks , boxes or other symbols instead of Nuskhuri letters .
Example of one of the oldest Mkhedruli @-@ written texts found in the royal charter of King Bagrat IV of Georgia , 11th century .
Coin of Queen Tamar of Georgia in Mkhedruli , 1187 AD .
Mkhedruli has been adapted to languages besides Georgian . Some of these alphabets retained letters obsolete in Georgian , while others required additional letters :
Only four letters are x @-@ height , with neither ascenders nor descenders : <unk> , <unk> , ი , ო .
Three letters have both ascenders and descenders , like þ in Old English : <unk> , <unk> , and ( in handwriting ) ჯ . წ has both <unk> and descender in print , and sometimes in handwriting .
გ ( gani ) may be written like ვ ( vini ) with a closed loop at the bottom .
დ ( <unk> ) is frequently written with a simple loop at top , .
კ , ც , and ძ ( k 'ani , <unk> , <unk> ) are generally written with straight , vertical lines at the top , so that for example ც ( <unk> ) resembles a U with a dimple in the right side .
Rarely , ო ( oni ) is written as a right angle , .
რ ( <unk> ) is frequently written with one arc , , like a Latin 〈 h 〉 .
წ ( ts 'ili ) is generally written with a round bowl at the bottom , . Another variation features a triangular bowl .
Several letters are similar and may be confused at first , especially in handwriting .
For ვ ( vini ) and კ ( k 'ani ) , the critical difference is whether the top is a full arc or a ( more @-@ or @-@ less ) vertical line .
For კ ( k 'ani ) and <unk> ( p 'ari ) , the crucial difference is whether the letter is written below or above x @-@ height , and whether it 's written top @-@ down or bottom @-@ up .
ძ ( <unk> ) is written with a vertical top .
Asomtavruli is often highly stylized and writers readily formed ligatures , intertwined letters , and placed letters within letters .
Mkhedruli , in the 11th to 17th centuries also came to employ digraphs to the point that they were obligatory , requiring adhesion to a complex system .
Ossetian language during the 1940s .
Abkhaz language during the 1940s .
Chechen language ( historically ) , later replaced in the 17th century by Arabic and by the Cyrillic script in modern times .
Avar language ( historically ) , later replaced in the 17th century by Arabic and by the Cyrillic script in modern times .
Turkish language and Tatar language . A Turkish Gospel , dictionary , poems , medical book dating from the 18th century .
Persian language . The 18th @-@ century Persian translation of the Arabic Gospel is kept at the National Center of Manuscripts in Tbilisi .
Old Avar crosses with Avar inscriptions in Asomtavruli script .
Georgian Mkhedruli script received an official status for being Georgia 's internationalized domain name script for ( <unk> ) .
Below is the standard Georgian @-@ language keyboard layout , the traditional layout of manual typewriters .
Gallery of Asomtavruli , Nuskhuri and Mkhedruli scripts .
Europium is produced by nuclear fission , but the fission product yields of europium isotopes are low near the top of the mass range for fission products .
Overall , europium is overshadowed by caesium @-@ 137 and strontium @-@ 90 as a radiation hazard , and by samarium and others as a neutron poison .
Europium is not found in nature as a free element . Many minerals contain europium , with the most important sources being bastnäsite , monazite , xenotime and loparite .
The main nitride is europium ( III ) nitride ( <unk> ) .
Each section of the road was completed in separate link roads .
The Ely Viaduct ( Welsh : Traphont <unk> ) crosses over the River Ely and also the main South Wales railway line .
The viaduct was designed by South Glamorgan County Council . Robert Benaim and Associates , now called Benaim UK Ltd designed the initial launching system for the glued segmental structure .
Chris Carter said " Irresistible " was effective for " being really scary " , and that not only it was one of his favorites but inspired him to create the television series Millennium later .
Thunderbird 1 : a hypersonic rocket plane used for fast response and accident zone reconnaissance . Piloted by primary rescue co @-@ ordinator Scott Tracy .
Thunderbird 2 : a supersonic carrier aircraft that transports rescue vehicles and equipment to accident zones in detachable capsules known as " Pods " . Piloted by Virgil .
Thunderbird 3 : a single @-@ stage @-@ to @-@ orbit spacecraft . Piloted alternately by Alan and John , with Scott as co @-@ pilot .
Thunderbird 4 : a utility submersible . Piloted by Gordon and normally launched from Thunderbird 2 .
Thunderbird 5 : a space station that relays distress calls from around the world . Manned alternately by " Space Monitors " John and Alan .
The main shopping area of Partington is on Central Road , in the centre of town . Partington also has a traditional market on Smithy Lane .
The intersection of the free throw line and the free throw lane is referred to as the elbow of the key .
The novel has been translated into many languages since its first publication in Spanish , as detailed by <unk> de González in 2003 .
In German Eine <unk> in sieben <unk> , Max and Moritz is a series of seven illustrated stories concerning the mischievous antics of two boys , who are eventually ground @-@ down and fed to ducks .
The character of Mr. <unk> — the name based on the Yiddish insult " <unk> " — shows similarities with Johanna Kessler 's husband , who was uninterested in art and culture .
According to Wessling , Busch became skeptical of marriage after writing the story . To Marie Anderson he wrote : " I will never marry ( ... ) I am already in good hands with my sister " .
Although Gernhardt felt that Jews for Busch were alien , the Jewish conductor Hermann Levi befriended him , suggesting that Busch had a slight bias towards Jews .
The Canning Dam and reservoir still supplies approximately 20 percent of Perth 's drinking water requirements and plays an important role in the context of the development of Perth .
The final cost of the dam was significantly less than had been originally budgeted for , and the work was completed on schedule to a date that was calculated seven years previously .
In 2013 Mattel decided to revamp Midge 's history , reintroducing her as a best friend of Barbie 's , but unmarried , without children , and with no connection to Alan .
Florida Midge uses Mackie headmold .
Mike E. Clark – composer , engineer , mixing , producer , programming
Almost everything about a star is determined by its initial mass , including such characteristics as luminosity , size , evolution , lifespan , and its eventual fate .
In more massive stars , helium is produced in a cycle of reactions catalyzed by carbon called the carbon @-@ nitrogen @-@ oxygen cycle .
Perry was nominated for a Nickelodeon Kids ' Choice Award in 2014 under the category of Favorite Animated Animal Sidekick .
However , not all of Alkan 's music is either lengthy or technically difficult ; for example , many of the Op. 31 Préludes and of the set of Esquisses , Op. 63 .
Trois Andantes <unk> , Op. 13 , No 2 on YouTube , played by Lloyd Buck
Scherzo <unk> , Op. 34 on YouTube , played by Lloyd Buck
Le Festin d <unk> , Op. 39 , no . 12 on YouTube , played by Edward Cohen
Four Esquisses from Op. 63 on YouTube , played by Edward Cohen
I am , yours very truly , William McGregor ( Aston Villa F.C. )
On May 8 , 2012 , Nash became General Manager of the Canadian senior national team . Three months later , he rehired Triano as head coach .
J. Walter Kennedy Citizenship Award ( NBA award for outstanding citizenship and community service ) : 2007
For the 2010 Winter Olympics held in Vancouver , Nash became the first NBA player in Olympic history to carry the torch and light the Olympic cauldron .
This table refers to the route as it was in 1942 .
Cerny drew inspiration from miniature golf , racing games , and artwork by M. C. Escher . He applied a minimalist approach in designing the appearance of the game 's courses and enemies .
Within hours Eichmann 's body had been cremated , and his ashes scattered in the Mediterranean Sea , outside of Israeli territorial waters by an Israeli Navy patrol boat .
The entire route is in Allegany County .
Valour transported into Ecstasy .
Frickley Athletic and Worksop Town are considered to be local rivals to the Steels . Stocksbridge 's highest ever league attendance against their rivals is 610 for a match against Worksop .
For details of players who have played in the Football League either before or after playing for Stocksbridge Park Steels , see Category : Stocksbridge Park Steels F.C. players .
On July 3 , 1965 , McCain married Carol Shepp , a model originally from Philadelphia . McCain adopted her two young children Douglas and Andrew . He and Carol then had a daughter named Sidney .
McCain developed a reputation for independence during the 1990s . He took pride in challenging party leadership and establishment forces , becoming difficult to categorize politically .
In March 2002 , McCain @-@ Feingold passed in both Houses of Congress and was signed into law by President Bush . Seven years in the making , it was McCain 's greatest legislative achievement .
In addition to his military honors and decorations , McCain has been granted a number of civilian awards and honors .
The following is a list of the turns with their names and curve radii .
Jon Challinor ( born 2 December 1980 ) is an English semi @-@ professional footballer who plays as a defender or a midfielder for Northern Premier League Premier Division club Stamford .
Challinor married his wife Lara during the summer of 2007 . As he is a fan of the Star Wars films , The Imperial March was played as part of the ceremony .
A model of HMS Glorious by renowned marine model maker Norman A. Ough , built for the Royal United Services Museum , is now on display in the Fleet Air Arm Museum at RNAS Yeovilton .
As at 2014 no other religions maintain dedicated buildings in Keswick ; Muslim worship is accommodated on Fridays in a room at the local council building in Main Street .
The majority of visitors arrive by car and are catered for by three town centre car parks , another large one next to the Theatre by the Lake , and smaller ones elsewhere in the town .
His signature image was characterized by his long hair and beard , as well as his black hat and the black leather vest he wore during his appearances .
While engaged in military operations involving conflict with an opposing foreign force .
While serving with friendly foreign forces engaged in an armed conflict against an opposing armed force in which the United States is not a belligerent party .
Navy and Marine Corps : 10 U.S.C. § <unk>
Coast Guard : 14 U.S.C. § 491 A version is authorized but it has never been awarded .
The Medal of Honor confers special privileges on its recipients . By law , recipients have several benefits :
Enlisted recipients of the Medal of Honor are entitled to a supplemental uniform allowance .
Special identification cards and commissary and exchange privileges are provided for Medal of Honor recipients and their eligible dependents .
Recipients are granted eligibility for interment at Arlington National Cemetery , if not otherwise eligible .
Fully qualified children of recipients are eligible for admission to the United States military academies without regard to the nomination and quota requirements .
Recipients receive a 10 percent increase in retired pay .
Recipients receive an invitation to all future presidential inaugurations and inaugural balls .
A number of veteran support organizations and private companies devote themselves to exposing those who falsely claim to have received the Medal of Honor .
Foreign unknown recipients include the British Unknown Warrior , the French Unknown Soldier , the Romanian Unknown Soldier , the Italian Unknown Soldier , and the Belgian Unknown Soldier .
John and William Black , in the American Civil War . The Blacks are the first brothers to be so honored .
Charles and Henry Capehart , in the American Civil War , the latter for saving a drowning man while under fire .
Harry and Willard Miller , during the same naval action in the Spanish – American War .
Allen and James Thompson , in the same American Civil War action .
Quorum sensing allows bacteria to coordinate gene expression , and enables them to produce , release and detect <unk> or pheromones which accumulate with the growth in cell population .
Swimming bacteria frequently move near 10 body lengths per second and a few as fast as 100 . This makes them at least as fast as fish , on a relative scale .
Credits adapted from AllMusic .
Through Town and Jungle : Fourteen Thousand Miles A @-@ Wheel Among the Temples and People of the Indian Plain . London : Unwin , 1904 .
Mason , Kenneth ( 1955 ) . Abode of Snow : A History of Himalayan Exploration and Mountaineering . New York : E.P. Dutton & Co . , Inc .
Middleton , Dorothy ( 1965 ) . Victorian Lady Travellers . New York : E.P. Dutton & Co . , Inc .
Andrew West : " Senator , how are you going to counter Mr. Humphrey and his <unk> you as far as the delegate votes go ? "
Senator Kennedy : " It just goes back to the struggle for it . "
Kennedy was buried near his older brother John , in Arlington National Cemetery , in the first burial ever to take place there at night ; the second was the burial of his younger brother Ted .
The stone was at the bottom of the hill and we were all alone .
In 2012 , DC launched a prequel line , with various creative teams producing the characters ' early adventures before the events of the graphic novel .
Dr. Jon Osterman / Doctor Manhattan
According to Collider.com , HBO is meeting with Snyder to discuss a potential Watchmen TV series .
Watchmen was one of the two comic books , alongside Batman : The Dark Knight Returns , that inspired designer Vincent <unk> when he created the Comic Sans font .
At the conclusion of the regular season , he was an Honorable Mention All @-@ Big East selection .
Some of the stonework of Brindley 's aqueduct has been preserved in the nearby Barton Memorial Arch , a monument to his " castle in the air " .
Several of them were broken , as though they had been used in the attack [ on the fort ] , as , indeed , many of them probably were .
In the Biathlon , all Paralympic athletes shoot from a prone position .
Skiers in this class include Austrian Robert <unk> .
Posthumous publications of Bates ' book omitted mention of the supposed benefits from direct sunlight shining on open eyes .
In 1967 the British Medical Journal observed that " Bates [ … ] advocated prolonged sun @-@ gazing as the treatment of myopia , with disastrous results . "
Ian D. Clark as Colonel Graham
Dan Skene as Cpl. Timmons
The album was reissued by Columbia / Legacy in 2000 . The new issue features remastered sound , as well as the inclusion of previously unreleased songs .
Memorial Day ( the last Monday in May ) : flags are displayed at half @-@ mast from sunrise until noon , then raised to full @-@ mast .
Peace Officers Memorial Day ( May 15 ) : flags are displayed at half @-@ mast for the entire day , unless that day is also Armed Forces Day ( the third Saturday in May ) .
Patriot Day ( September 11 ) : flags are displayed at half @-@ mast for the entire day .
National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day ( December 7 ) : flags are displayed at half @-@ mast for the entire day .
Flags are displayed at half @-@ mast for 30 days following the day of death of either a current or former President of the United States .
Flags are displayed at half @-@ mast on the day of death and the following day for a member of the United States Congress .
Flags displayed at half @-@ mast on state properties following a proclamation by the Governor of West Virginia during other unique instances outlined in the 2013 guidelines .
Pour forth a wise and healing hymn to the gods .
Use of noise was central to the development of experimental music and avant @-@ garde music in the mid 20th century . Noise was used in important , new ways .
Noise is used as basic tonal material in electronic music .
John 10 : 10 : " I am come that they might have life , and that they might have it more abundantly " ( KJV ) .
Philippians 4 : 19 : " My God shall supply all your need according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus " ( KJV ) .
Oral Roberts ; Montgomery , G. H. ( 1966 ) . God 's Formula for Success and Prosperity . Abundant Life Publication . OCLC <unk> .
Zig Ziglar ; Tom Ziglar ( 2012 ) . Born to Win : Find Your Success Code . Dallas : SUCCESS Media . ISBN <unk> .
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 6th century .
Following this action , he was mentioned in despatches .
Captain Ernest Deane was one of 17 RCSI doctors killed in action during the war . He is buried at the Rue @-@ du @-@ <unk> No 1 Military Cemetery ( Grave <unk> ) , Laventie , France .
U.S. Promo Single ( 1995 )
U.S. Cassette Single ( 1995 )
Also in 1992 , he starred in the CITV series <unk> .
The state flag of the Republic of Poland is a rectangular piece of cloth in the colors of the Republic of Poland hoisted on a flagpole .
The state flag of the Republic of Poland is also the flag specified in paragraph 1 , with the coat of arms of the Republic of Poland placed in the middle of the white stripe .
other state and local government organs – only on national holidays .
Additionally , the national flag without coat of arms is used as an ensign for inland navigation .
While the ban on using the flag without coat of arms has been lifted , the use of the national flag with coat of arms is still legally restricted . This flag should be only flown :
as a merchant ( civil ) ensign .
November 11 – Independence Day .
September 27 – Polish Underground State Day .
Ancient Greek literature is similar : Autolycus ( " the wolf itself " ) , Lycurgus ( " wolf @-@ work " ) .
The Latin for " female prostitute " is <unk> , and the most famous brothel in Pompeii was the <unk> .
To Browning , Smart 's temporary madness was what allowed him to compose in A Song to David poetry similar to that of John Milton and John Keats . Christopher Smart , as Browning 's poem continued ,
BuzzFeed ranked the episode 48th on its ranking of Veronica Mars episodes , writing that it made the viewer " bored . " On a similar list , TV Line ranked the episode 19th .
The tower rises from a plinth and has four stages including the gable @-@ headed clock stage , which is also decorated with pinnacles . A small stone spire completes the composition .
Brosnan was brought up in a Roman Catholic family and educated in a local school run by the de la Salle Brothers while serving as an altar boy .
In 2012 , Brosnan played the role of Philip in the Danish romantic comedy Love Is All You Need .
Brosnan married twice , was widowed once and has five children and three grandchildren as of 2015 .
Flash flood warnings were issued across northern Thailand on April 29 under the threat of heavy rains from Mala 's remnants .
Note : Only the top five positions are included for both sets of standings .
During The Civil War .
And Died In That Service .
The le Despenser family originated from the lords of <unk> in north @-@ eastern France . Henry 's grandmother Eleanor de Clare was a granddaughter of Edward I of England .
Despenser took active steps to maintain orthodoxy in his own diocese . The chronicler Thomas Walsingham praised Henry 's actions against the Lollards and contrasted him with his fellow bishops :
Syers was elected to the World Figure Skating Hall of Fame in 1981 .
Spokane 's high crime rate is related to its being a major dumping ground for Washington state 's prison system .
Interstate 90 runs east – west from Seattle , through Spokane and suburban areas to the east , onward to Coeur d 'Alene , Idaho and Montana .
Mr Newton , a fellow of our College , and very young ... but of an extraordinary genius and proficiency in these things .
With the Principia , Newton became internationally recognised . He acquired a circle of admirers , including the Swiss @-@ born mathematician Nicolas Fatio de Duillier .
Newton was one of many people who lost heavily when the South Sea Company collapsed . Their most significant trade was slaves , and according to his niece , he lost around £ 20 @,@ 000 .
God said " Let Newton be " and all was light .
If I have seen further it is by standing on the shoulders of giants .
Newton saw God as the master creator whose existence could not be denied in the face of the grandeur of all creation .
Observations on Daniel and The Apocalypse of St. John ( 1733 )
However , in a deleted scene , West drowns and his body is picked up and discovered by the US coast guards .
During a fantasy sequence , Cartman says " flame on " and turns into a fiery , flying superhero ; this is a reference to the Human Torch , a superhero and member of the Fantastic Four .
Impaired passive range of movement - Range of movement in one or more joints is reduced in a systematic way . Acute conditions such as arthritis are not included .
Loss of limb or limb deficiency - A total or partial absence of bones or joints from partial or total loss due to illness , trauma , or congenital limb deficiency ( e.g. dysmelia ) .
Leg @-@ length difference - Significant bone shortening occurs in one leg due to congenital deficiency or trauma .
Short stature - Standing height is reduced due to shortened legs , arms and trunk , which are due to a musculoskeletal deficit of bone or cartilage structures .
Ataxia - Ataxia is an impairment that consists of a lack of coordination of muscle movements ( e.g. cerebral palsy , Friedreich ’ s ataxia ) .
The German national team was not so fortunate , losing the final of the European Championship to the Netherlands before a home town crowd in Frankfurt .
Guns : Five .30 @-@ calibre machine guns , mounted in single turrets in the nose and dorsal positions , and single manually operated mounts in the waist and ventral positions .
Michelle purchased Sophie 's Gelato in New Orleans , which she operates .
I @-@ 95 has a toll plaza along the Delaware Turnpike near the Maryland border in Newark that charges $ 4 @.@ 00 for cars . Cash or E @-@ ZPass is accepted for payment of tolls .
The entire route is in New Castle County .
Róna , <unk> ( 1912 ) . A <unk> és az <unk> <unk> <unk> ( PhD ) ( in Hungarian ) . Budapest , Hungary : <unk> <unk> .
Róna , Elisabeth ( 1926 ) . <unk> und <unk> an " <unk> " H @-@ <unk> ( in German ) . Vienna , Austria : Hölder @-@ Pichler @-@ Tempsky A.G. OCLC <unk> .
Róna , Elisabeth ; Schmidt , Ewald A W ( 1927 ) . Untersuchungen über das <unk> des <unk> in <unk> ( in German ) . Vienna , Austria : Hölder @-@ Pichler @-@ Tempsky A.G. OCLC <unk> .
Rona , Elizabeth ; <unk> , Fritz ( 1932 ) . Untersuchungen über <unk> von Alpha @-@ <unk> der Actinium @-@ <unk> ( in German ) . Vienna , Austria : Hölder @-@ Pichler @-@ Tempsky . OCLC <unk> .
Róna , Elisabeth ; Hoffer , Margarete ( 1935 ) . <unk> an Polonium in <unk> und <unk> ( in German ) . Vienna , Austria : Hölder @-@ Pichler @-@ Tempsky A.G. OCLC <unk> .
Róna , Elisabeth ; <unk> , Elisabeth ( 1936 ) . Beiträge zur Frage der <unk> <unk> des <unk> ( in German ) . Vienna , Austria : Hölder @-@ Pichler @-@ Tempsky A.G. OCLC <unk> .
Róna , Elisabeth ; <unk> , Herta ; Stangl , Robert ( 1938 ) . <unk> Beiträge zur Frage der <unk> <unk> des <unk> ( in German ) . Vienna , Austria : Hölder @-@ Pichler @-@ Tempsky A.G. OCLC <unk> .
Rona , Elizabeth ; <unk> , Ernst ; Karlik , Berta ; Pettersson , Hans ( 1939 ) . The Radioactivity of seawater . Göteborg , Sweden : <unk> <unk> . OCLC <unk> .
Rona , Elizabeth ( 1948 ) . Argonne National Laboratory , ed . Exchange reactions of uranium ions in solution . Oak Ridge , Tennessee : U.S. Atomic Energy Commission . OCLC <unk> .
Rona , Elizabeth ( 1949 ) . Argonne National Laboratory , ed . Some aspects of isotopic exchange reactions . Oak Ridge , Tennessee : U.S. Atomic Energy Commission . OCLC <unk> .
Rona , Elizabeth ( July 1967 ) . Natural radioactive elements in marine environment ( Report ) . Miami , Florida : Atomic Energy Commission .
Credits adapted from the album 's liner notes .
The synopsis continues a plot begun in The Secret of the Unicorn .
The song was also covered by Matt Jorgensen + 451 on their album Hope release on Origin Records .
Formerly the manuscript was held in Bobbio , Weissenburg , Mainz , and Prague . The Duke of Brunswick bought it in 1689 .
The codex is located at the Herzog August Bibliothek ( no . <unk> ) in Wolfenbüttel .
German submarine U @-@ 111 was a Type IXB U @-@ boat of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II .
U @-@ 111 took part in one wolfpack , namely .
Web was foaled in 1808 out of Penelope and was the <unk> of the influential stallion Glencoe through her daughter Trampoline .
Macrinus might have been able to stop the rebellion in this early stage , but could not decide on a course of action and remained at Antioch .
The company 's fleet and operations remained largely static until 3 November 2002 , when Blazefield sold Sovereign London to Transdev .
Jonathan Jennings Elementary School in Charlestown and Jennings County are both named in his honor .
the right . . . to full employment and balanced economic growth ;
an amendment regarding taxing the people of the United States progressively .
The order followed here is that given by Butlin .
Biblical Hebrew eventually developed into Mishnaic Hebrew , which was spoken until the second century CE .
Biblical Hebrew is a Northwest Semitic language from the Canaanite subgroup .
Consonants lost and gained during the lifetime of Biblical Hebrew are color @-@ coded respectively .
This is observed by noting that these phonemes are distinguished consistently in the Septuagint of the Pentateuch ( e.g. Isaac <unk>
The following sections present the vowel changes that Biblical Hebrew underwent , in approximate chronological order .
Final unstressed short vowels dropped out in most words , making it possible for long vowels to occur in closed syllables . This appears to have proceeded in two steps :
Final short mood , etc. markers dropped in verbal forms .
Final short case markers dropped in nominal forms .
The short vowels * / a i u / tended to lengthen in various positions .
First , short vowels lengthened in an open syllable in pretonic position ( i.e. directly before the stressed syllable ) .
Later , short vowels lengthened in stressed open syllables .
In the process of lengthening , the high vowels were lowered . In the Secunda , the lengthened reflexes of / a i u / are / aː eː oː / ; when kept short they generally have reflexes / a e o / .
Shift of stress to be universally penultimate .
Stress movement from light syllable to following heavy syllable when not in <unk> , with newly unstressed light syllable reducing the schwa .
Tonic lengthening / lowering in open syllables .
Loss of final short vowels in nouns .
Note that many , perhaps most , Hebrew words with a schwa directly before a final stress are due to this stress shift .
Proto @-@ Hebrew words with an open penult and short @-@ vowel ending : Become final @-@ stressed ( e.g. / <unk> / ( ' he killed ' ) < PHeb . / <unk> / ) .
Proto @-@ Hebrew words with an closed penult and short @-@ vowel ending : Become penultimate due to <unk> rule ( e.g. / <unk> / ( ' king ' ) < * / <unk> / ) .
Proto @-@ Hebrew words with an open short penult and longer ending : Become final @-@ stressed due to <unk> shift ( e.g. / <unk> / ( ' they killed ' ) < PHeb . / <unk> / ) .
Proto @-@ Hebrew words with a closed penult and longer ending : Remain penultimate ( e.g. / <unk> / ( ' I killed ' ) < PHeb . / <unk> / ) .
It has been written ( most notably by <unk> ) that Tanzler had the bodies switched ( or that Hoyos 's remains were secretly returned to him ) , and that he died with the real body of Elena .
In 2010 , the <unk> band <unk> released a song titled Cold Night which is sung from Tanzler 's perspective .
The band The Black Dahlia Murder released a song titled <unk> Divine which tells the story .
The band Loch Lomond 's song Wax & Wires tells the story of Tanzler 's love for Elena .
In 2008 , <unk> released the single Count Von <unk> Obsession , with the b @-@ side A Cemetery Serenade presenting an instrumental piece reenacting Carl Tanzler 's organ playing in the tomb .
The Ripley 's Believe It or Not museum In Key West , Florida , has an exhibit recreating Elena 's body being cared for by Tanzler .
The novel Buried by Tom Baker , is a fictionalized horror novel based on Carl Tanzler .
The story of Dr. Von Cosel and Elena Hoyos was featured in an episode Investigation Discovery series " True Nightmares " entitled " <unk> Your Welcome " .
The Everglades : River of Grass . Rinehart , 1947 .
Road to the Sun . Rinehart , 1952 .
Hurricane . Rinehart , 1958 .
Alligator crossing . John Day , 1959 .
The Key to Paris . Keys to the Cities Series . Lippincott , 1961 .
Florida the Long Frontier . Harper & Row , 1967 .
The Joys of Bird Watching in Florida . Hurricane House , 1969 .
Adventures in a Green World – the Story of David Fairchild and Barbour Lathrop . Field Research Projects . 1973 .
Marjory Stoneman Douglas : Voice of the River. with John Rothchild . Pineapple Press , Inc . 1987 .
Nine Florida Stories by Marjory Stoneman Douglas . Ed . Kevin M. McCarthy . University of North Florida , 1990 .
A River in Flood and Other Florida Stories by Marjory Stoneman Douglas . Ed . Kevin M. McCarthy . University Press of Florida , 1998 .
Icelanders are a Germanic ethnic group and nation , native to Iceland .
Icelandic cuisine consists mainly of fish , lamb , and dairy . Fish was once the main part of an Icelander 's diet but has recently given way to meats such as beef , pork , and poultry .
So far as the crowds mean anything , that posture is a brilliant success at one @-@ night stands .
The Socreds also objected to the CBC and other spending in the arts and broadcasting . The party felt that the government should solve economic problems before spending money on the arts .
Turnout : 74 @.@ 1 % of eligible voters voted .
The X @-@ Files : The Album received mostly positive criticism upon its release , and charted in several countries worldwide , recording a peak position of number 5 in New Zealand .
In 2014 astronomers at the Universidad Complutense in Madrid suggested that the available data actually indicate more than one trans @-@ Neptunian planet .
where c is the speed of light . In the classical Doppler effect , the frequency of the source is not modified , but the recessional motion causes the illusion of a lower frequency .
This phenomenon was first observed in a 1938 experiment performed by Herbert E. Ives and G.R. Stilwell , called the Ives – Stilwell experiment .
The observational consequences of this effect can be derived using the equations from general relativity that describe a homogeneous and isotropic universe .
k is the curvature per unit area .
R. Integrating over the path in both space and time that the light wave travels yields :
is obtained . In an expanding universe such as the one we inhabit , the scale factor is monotonically increasing as time passes , thus , z is positive and distant galaxies appear redshifted .
Using a model of the expansion of the Universe , redshift can be related to the age of an observed object , the so @-@ called cosmic time – redshift relation . <unk> a density ratio as <unk> :
where H0 is the present @-@ day Hubble constant , and z is the redshift .
If the Universe were contracting instead of expanding , we would see distant galaxies blueshifted by an amount proportional to their distance instead of redshifted .
c is the speed of light .
This gravitational redshift result can be derived from the assumptions of special relativity and the equivalence principle ; the full theory of general relativity is not required .
For a list of scattering processes , see Scattering .
See also physical cosmology textbooks for applications of the cosmological and gravitational redshifts .
The information regarding accolades attributed to Trans @-@ Europe Express is adapted from Acclaimed Music , except where otherwise noted .
Adapted from Trans @-@ Europe Express liner notes .
On his death in April 2014 , Juan Manuel Santos , the President of Colombia , described him as " the greatest Colombian who ever lived . "
In 2012 , his brother Jaime announced that García Márquez was suffering from dementia .
In his autobiography , García Márquez explains his fascination with the word and concept Macondo . He describes a trip he made with his mother back to Aracataca as a young man :
In John Green 's famous novel " Looking for Alaska " , Gabriel García Márquez is mentioned several times .
Interview with Gabriel García Márquez in 1998 .
Satirical artist " Weird Al " Yankovic created a parody of the song called " Yoda " , featuring lyrics about the Star Wars character of the same name , on his 1985 album Dare to Be Stupid .
While the band was touring with Avenged Sevenfold , the guitarist <unk> Gates spoke about " <unk> " stating " Holy shit , that 's the craziest verse I 've ever heard ! The lyrics are insane . "
All tracks are written and performed by Hollywood Undead , with specific writers detailed for each track .
Lambs are usually marked at three to six weeks of age , but a protracted lambing season may necessitate two markings .
In the major sheep countries of Argentina , Uruguay , Brazil , Peru and Chile , breeders are also utilizing fleece testing and performance recording schemes as a means of improving their flocks .
Mughal architecture , as seen in the abandoned imperial city of Fatehpur Sikri and the Taj Mahal complex , has a distinctive mathematical order and a strong aesthetic based on symmetry and harmony .
Ernest was succeeded by his nephew Prince Alfred , Duke of Edinburgh .
KJ : Knight of St. Joachim
Saxe @-@ Coburg and Gotha , Duke Ernest II of ( 1888 ) . Memoirs of Ernest II : Duke of Saxe @-@ Coburg @-@ Gotha . London : Remington & Co . Publishers . , four volumes .
Coit Gilman , Daniel ; Harry Thurston Peck ; Frank Moore Colby ( 1903 ) . The New International Encyclopædia , Volume 6 . New York : Dodd , Mead , and Company .
Grey , Hon. Charles ( 1868 ) . The Early Years of His Royal Highness The Prince Consort . New York : Harper & Brothers Publishers .
Hibbert , Christopher ( 2007 ) . Edward VII : The Last Victorian King . New York : Palgrave Macmillan .
Kersal Moor is a recreation area in Kersal , Greater Manchester , England which consists of eight hectares of moorland bounded by Moor Lane , <unk> Road , St. Paul 's Churchyard and Singleton Brook .
However , the last of these trees were burnt around 1880 .
Their sires <unk> 'd , for skill in archery ...
Their targets pierced with many a well aimed shot .
It is also mentioned in a collection of poems by Philip Connell called " Poaching on Parnassus " published in 1865 .
Lines to Mr. Isaac Holden by Philip Connell on his Drawing of the Prestwich Lunatic Asylum :
Within the precincts of its holy cell .
Where the moorland breezes blow .
While mountain breezes blow .
Above my <unk> deep . - from The Moorland Breeze , Edwin Waugh ( 1889 )
Shamans could also be used for personal purposes , as when Nurhaci 's eldest son <unk> supposedly tried to bewitch the entire Aisin Gioro lineage with the help of shamans in 1612 .
In that case , bn is called the n @-@ th power of b , or b raised to the power n .
When n is a negative integer and b is not zero , bn is naturally defined as 1 / b − n , preserving the property bn × bm = bn + m .
The term power was used by the Greek mathematician Euclid for the square of a line . Archimedes discovered and proved the law of exponents , 10a 10b
In the late 16th century , Jost Bürgi used Roman numerals for exponents .
Early in the 17th century , the first form of our modern exponential notation was introduced by Rene Descartes in his text titled La <unk> ; there , the notation is introduced in Book I.
Another historical synonym , involution , is now rare and should not be confused with its more common meaning .
b ⋅ b ⋅ b is called the cube of b because the volume of a cube with side @-@ length b is b3 . It is pronounced " b cubed " .
The exponent indicates how many copies of the base are multiplied together . For example , 35
Exponentiation may be generalized from integer exponents to more general types of numbers .
The exponentiation operation with integer exponents requires only elementary algebra .
Any nonzero number raised by the exponent 0 is 1 ; one interpretation of such a power is as an empty product . The case of 00 is discussed below .
Raising 0 by a negative exponent is left undefined .
The identity above may be derived through a definition aimed at extending the range of exponents to negative integers .
This is then readily shown to be true for every integer n .
Exponentiation is not commutative . This contrasts with addition and multiplication , which are . For example , 2 + 3
Exponentiation is not associative either . Addition and multiplication are . For example , ( 2 + 3 ) + 4
The positive powers of 2 are important in computer science because there are 2n possible values for an n @-@ bit binary register .
Powers of 2 are important in set theory since a set with n members has a power set , or set of all subsets of the original set , with 2n members .
The negative powers of 2 are commonly used , and the first two have special names : half , and quarter .
The powers of one are all one : 1n = 1 .
If the exponent is negative , the power of zero ( 0n , where n < 0 ) is undefined , because division by zero is implied .
Because of this , powers of − 1 are useful for expressing alternating sequences . For a similar discussion of powers of the complex number i , see § Powers of complex numbers .
This can be read as " b to the power of n tends to + ∞ as n tends to infinity when b is greater than one " .
If the number b varies tending to 1 as the exponent tends to infinity then the limit is not necessarily one of those above . A particularly important case is
See § The exponential function below .
Other limits , in particular of those that take on an indeterminate form , are described in § Limits of powers below .
b . This solution is called the principal nth root of b . It is denoted n √ b , where √ is the radical symbol ; alternatively , the principal root may be written b1 / n . For example : 41 / 2
b has one real solution . The solution is positive if b is positive and negative if b is negative .
where u is an integer and v is a positive integer .
Care needs to be taken when applying the power identities with negative nth roots . For instance , − 27 =
The identities and properties shown above for integer exponents are true for positive real numbers with non @-@ integer exponents as well . However the identity
Exponentiation to real powers of positive real numbers can be defined either by extending the rational powers to reals by continuity , or more usually as given in § Powers via logarithms below .
The natural logarithm ln ( x ) is the inverse of the exponential function ex . It is defined for b > 0 , and satisfies
for each real number x .
Powers of a positive real number are always positive real numbers . The solution of x2
The rational exponent method cannot be used for negative values of b because it relies on continuity . The function f ( r ) =
On the other hand , arbitrary complex powers of negative numbers b can be defined by choosing a complex logarithm of b .
If a is an algebraic number different from 0 and 1 , and b an irrational algebraic number , then all the values of ab are transcendental numbers ( that is , not algebraic ) .
Thus the complex exponential function is a periodic function with period 2πi .
ex ( cos y + i sin y ) .
Using exponentiation with complex exponents may reduce problems in trigonometry to algebra .
The power z = ex + iy can be computed as ex ⋅ <unk> . The real factor ex is the absolute value of z and the complex factor <unk> identifies the direction of z .
b . So the same method working for real exponents also works for complex exponents .
The identity is , however , valid for arbitrary complex <formula> when <formula> is an integer .
Complex powers of positive reals are defined via ex as in section Complex exponents with positive real bases above . These are continuous functions .
The rational power of a complex number must be the solution to an algebraic equation . Therefore , it always has a finite number of possible values . For example , w
For complex numbers w and z with w ≠ 0 , the notation wz is ambiguous in the same sense that log w is .
because this agrees with the earlier definition in the case where w is a positive real number and the ( real ) principal value of log w is used .
If z is an integer , then the value of wz is independent of the choice of log w , and it agrees with the earlier definition of exponentiation with an integer exponent .
If z is an irrational number , then the countably infinitely many choices of log w lead to infinitely many distinct values for wz .
The computation of complex powers is facilitated by converting the base w to polar form , as described in detail below .
A similar construction is employed in quaternions .
w . As with real roots , a second root is also called a square root and a third root is also called a cube root .
It is often easier to compute complex powers by writing the number to be <unk> in polar form . Every complex number z can be written in the polar form
The following examples use the principal value , the branch cut which causes θ to be in the interval ( − π , π ] . To compute ii , write i in polar and Cartesian forms :
Regardless of which branch of the logarithm is used , a similar failure of the identity will exist . The best that can be said ( if only using this result ) is that :
On the other hand , when x is an integer , the identities are valid for all nonzero complex numbers .
but this is false when the integer n is nonzero .
The major error is that changing the order of exponentiation in going from line two to three changes what the principal value chosen will be .
If A is a square matrix , then the product of A with itself n times is called the matrix power . Also <formula> is defined to be the identity matrix , and if A is invertible , then <formula> .
Exponentiation for integer exponents can be defined for quite general structures in abstract algebra .
If the operation has a two @-@ sided identity element 1 , then x0 is defined to be equal to 1 for any x .
If the operation also has two @-@ sided inverses and is associative , then the magma is a group . The inverse of x can be denoted by x − 1 and follows all the usual rules for exponents .
where each Vi is a vector space .
In set theory , there are exponential operations for cardinal and ordinal numbers .
Exponentiation of cardinal numbers is distinct from exponentiation of ordinal numbers , which is defined by a limit process involving transfinite induction .
This perspective is significant for many polynomial identities appearing in combinatorics . For example , the binomial theorem <formula> is not valid for x
powr treats 00 as NaN ( Not @-@ a @-@ Number – undefined ) . The value is also NaN for cases like powr ( − 3 @,@ 2 ) where the base is less than zero . The value is defined by <unk> × log ( base ) .
Matlab , Python , Magma , GAP , singular , <unk> / GP and the Google and iPhone calculators evaluate 00 as 1 .
On the other hand , when n is an integer , the power xn is already meaningful for all values of x , including negative ones . This may make the definition 0n =
This series of steps only requires 8 multiplication operations instead of 99 ( since the last product above takes 2 multiplications ) .
Many programming languages lack syntactic support for exponentiation , but provide library functions .
After a jury trial , the New York Supreme Court held for Blacksmith .
U.S. Supreme Court oral argument
One of the plaintiffs , Ely S. Parker personally attended the oral arguments before the U.S. Supreme Court in Washington , D.C. According to the New York Times :
Justice Samuel Nelson delivered the unanimous opinion of the Court , affirming the judgment of the New York Court of Appeals .
The Court concluded : " We hold that the performance was not a duty that belonged to the grantees , but for the Government under the treaty . "
Because its aforementioned holdings required affirmance , the Court did not reach the alternate ground for decision of the trial court that the appraisal and the payments were conditions precedent .
That June , Judge Jewett granted Tracy 's motion to quash , without costs . The court held that only the district attorney could bring such an action to enforce the statute :
The high radioactivity of lawrencium would make it highly toxic to living cells , causing radiation poisoning .
The site is a National Historic Landmark , and is listed in the National Register of Historic Places .
On the following day , a delegation of 12 Kanzas arrived at the village ; on September 28 , they held a council with the Osages . Pipes were smoked in token of peace between the tribes .
Pike refused to be intimidated . He told the chief
The site is owned and preserved by the Nebraska State Historical Society Foundation . There is no museum or visitor center there , and the site is not open to the public .
The game received positive reviews upon release . The SNES version holds an aggregate score of 86 % from GameRankings , whereas the Game Boy Advance version holds a score of 76 % .
Pennock was a proficient horse rider . He also raised hounds and silver foxes for their pelts . He also grew flowers and vegetables on his farm .
Beale , Peter ( 2011 ) . Fallen Sentinel : Australian Tanks in World War II . Newport , NSW : Big Sky Publishing . ISBN <unk> .
Missoula was portrayed in an episode of the CBS show Criminal Minds . The episode aired on November 5 , 2014 .
Missoula ( as well as <unk> , MT ) was also portrayed in the movie Chill Factor released in 1999 starring Skeet Ulrich and Cuba Gooding , Jr .
The genome is the total genetic material of an organism and includes both the genes and non @-@ coding sequences .
The key components of Feynman 's presentation of QED are three basic actions .
A photon goes from one place and time to another place and time .
An electron goes from one place and time to another place and time .
An electron emits or absorbs a photon at a certain place and time .
where a shorthand symbol such as <formula> stands for the four real numbers which give the time and position in three dimensions of the point labeled A.
to find the field equations for QED .
The left @-@ hand side is like the original Dirac equation and the right @-@ hand side is the interaction with the electromagnetic field .
which is a wave equation for the four potential , the QED version of the classical Maxwell equations in the Lorenz gauge . ( In the above equation , the square represents the D 'Alembert operator . )
from which we are able to compute the cross section for this scattering .
De Broglie , Louis ( 1925 ) . Recherches sur la <unk> des quanta [ Research on quantum theory ] . France : Wiley @-@ Interscience .
DM & E operated over twelve subdivisions . The divisions were located in Minnesota , South Dakota , Iowa , and Nebraska .
He used to say that the lot of Emperors was most unfortunate , since when they discovered a conspiracy , no one believed them unless they had been murdered .
The Roman Actor ( 1626 ) , a play by Philip Massinger that features Domitian as the main character .
Josephus and the Emperor ( 1942 ; earlier Der Tag wird kommen ) , historical novel by Lion Feuchtwanger , in which a cruel and hypocritical Domitian suggests the tyranny of Adolf Hitler .
The companion series , featuring Falco 's adoptive daughter , Flavia <unk> , takes place during the reign of Domitian .
Master and God ( 2012 ) , a historical novel by Davis centers around the reign of Domitian .
The Light Bearer ( 1994 ) , a historical novel by Donna Gillespie .
Domitia and Domitian ( 2000 ) , a historical novel by David Corson based on the works of Brian Jones and Pat Southern , revolving around the title characters .
Mistress of Rome ( 2010 ) , an historical novel by Kate Quinn where Domitian 's skills as an emperor are tarnished by his personal cruelty and suspicion towards those around him .
Roman Hell ( 2010 ) , a historical novel by Mark Mellon , fictionalizes the rise and fall of Domitian and suggests he may have had a role in his brother 's death .
San Giovanni - L <unk> ( 2003 ) , English telefilm concerning the purported persecution of Christians under Domitian , who is played by Bruce Payne .
The Roman Mysteries , a TV miniseries based on the novels by Caroline Lawrence - Domitian appears in the episode , The Assassins of Rome , portrayed by Duncan Duff .
Michálek is married and has three children . He is an evangelical Christian .
Bellaire is known as the " City of Homes , " owing to its mostly residential character ; however , there are offices along the 610 Loop within the city limits .
The city is surrounded by Houston , West University Place , and Southside Place .
Many Bellaire streets , such as " Holly , " " Holt , " " Maple , " and " Pine , " are named after trees . The word " Holt " means a small grove or a forest of trees .
Bellaire holds annual Fourth of July parades and annual " ' snow ' in the park " Christmas celebrations .
The city is served by Houston Independent School District ( HISD ) . Bellaire is within Trustee District V.
The Houston Chronicle is the area regional newspaper . Residents receive the Bellaire / West U / River Oaks / <unk> local section .
A revised design was made by William Henry Barlow and Sir John Hawkshaw , with a wider , higher and sturdier deck than Brunel intended , with triple chains instead of double .
Overall width : 31 ft ( 9 @.@ 45 m )
When Somervell 's retirement was announced in December 1945 , Secretary of War Robert P. Patterson issued a press release that read :
Here is the ribbon bar of General Brehon B. Somervell :
The Oxford English Dictionary cites several Oriental words from Persian and Chinese giving rise to two early forms in English : <unk> ( from Persian ) and <unk> / tay @-@ fun ( from Chinese ) .
The Ancient Greek <unk> ( <unk> , " Typhon , father of the winds " ) is unrelated but has secondarily contaminated the word .
Typhoon paths follow three general directions .
Straight track ( or straight runner ) . A general westward path affects the Philippines , southern China , Taiwan , and Vietnam .
A parabolic , recurving track . Storms recurving affect eastern Philippines , eastern China , Taiwan , Korea , Japan , and the Russian Far East .
Northward track . From point of origin , the storm follows a northerly direction , only affecting small islands .
A rare few storms , like Hurricane John , were redesignated as typhoons as its track originated from the Eastern / Central Pacific and moved its way into the western Pacific .
All music was written and composed by Martin O 'Donnell and Michael Salvatori .
All information is taken from the CD credits .
Hyakunin isshu ( <unk> ) ( c . 1235 " Single Poems by One Hundred Poets " ; this collection became the foundation of the modern Japanese New Year game <unk> . )
Teika <unk> sho ( <unk> ) ( Anthology of 1811 poems from the first 8 Imperial anthologies . )
In 2005 , Wood starred in the music videos for Bright Eyes ' " At the Bottom of Everything " and Green Day 's " Wake Me Up When September Ends " .
Wood played Gabi in the 2013 psychological romantic thriller film Charlie Countryman with Shia LaBeouf and Rupert Grint .
She is featured with Chris Evans in a 2016 ad for Gucci Guilty Eau fragrances . "
In August 2012 , Wood came out as bisexual via Twitter .
Wood has a black belt in taekwondo .
The episode opens with a flashback of Jackie Tyler telling a younger Rose about her father Pete , who died in a hit @-@ and @-@ run accident on the way to a friend 's wedding .
Dates and times are 24 @-@ hour Moscow Time . Source :
Dates and times are 24 @-@ hour Coordinated Universal Time .
Dates and times are 24 @-@ hour Coordinated Universal Time . Source :
Achilles was the third member of the 1861 Naval Programme and was designed as an improved version of the earlier Warrior @-@ class armoured frigates with a complete waterline armour belt .
In 756 , Óengus is found campaigning alongside Eadberht of Northumbria . The campaign is reported as follows :
Óengus , king of the Picts , died . From the beginning of his reign right to the end he perpetrated bloody crimes , like a tyrannical slaughterer .
The Pictish Chronicle king lists have it that he was succeeded by his brother Bridei . His son Talorgan was later king , and is the first son of a Pictish king known to have become king .
with feet , with hands , with broad shields .
All music composed by Sean Callery , unless otherwise noted .
In both The Moving Picture World and The Moving Picture News the character of Will was named Bill , but it is not clear if this was intentional , a renaming or error .
After divorcing Ike in 1978 , Tina abstained from relationships for a long time , as she set on bringing her career back on track .
In an August 2011 interview with Shambhala Sun Buddhist magazine , Turner stated she adheres to the teachings and values of the Buddhist association Soka Gakkai International .
Turner is a Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductee .
Turner has won eight Grammy Awards .
When Turner became a recipient of the 2005 Kennedy Center Honors , her legs were noted specifically by President George W. Bush .
Turner has her own star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame and the St. Louis Walk of Fame .
Fursuits are animal costumes . Fursuits can be worn for personal enjoyment , work or charity .
Many suits include special padding or <unk> to give the character its desired shape ( this is especially present in larger characters or those of a particular gender ) .
Fursuits can be expensive to clean .
Fursuits are worn to furry conventions and other events such as anime or gaming conventions . Fursuits may also be worn in public .
He also attended the Writers Workshop at The University of Iowa in Iowa City , Iowa , earning a Master of Fine Arts degree in 2007 . He had earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in English at Princeton .
The Scottish Primrose ( Primula scotica ) , is endemic to the north coast including Caithness and Orkney . It is closely related to the Arctic species Primula stricta and Primula <unk> .
Young 's Helleborine ( <unk> <unk> ) is a rare endemic orchid principally found on <unk> created by the coal @-@ mining industry in the Central Lowlands and classified as endangered .
The St Kilda Dandelion ( Taraxacum <unk> ) is a species of dandelion endemic to the island of Hirta , identified in 2012 .
Only thirty @-@ one species of deciduous tree and shrub are native to Scotland , including 10 willows , four whitebeams and three birch and cherry species .
The Scots Pine and Common Juniper are the only coniferous trees definitely native to Scotland with Yew a possible contender .
Plants feature heavily in Gaelic and Scottish folklore , song and poetry .
The name " Grasshopper " was used for light aircraft such as the Aeronca L @-@ 3 and Piper L @-@ 4 used for reconnaissance and other support duties in World War II .
Hata co @-@ wrote two books with Yasuho Izawa on Japanese fighter aces of World War II , both of which were described by historians as the definitive treatments of the subject .
Hata has been married to Kazuko Matsumura since 9 September 1973 and has one daughter , <unk> . He lives in Meguro in Tokyo , Japan .
With Yasuho Izawa . Japanese Naval Aces and Fighter Units in World War II . Annapolis : Naval Institute Press , 1989 .
Hirohito : The Showa Emperor in War and Peace . Honolulu : University of Hawaii Press , 2007 .
In mathematics , a Taylor series is a representation of a function as an infinite sum of terms that are calculated from the values of the function 's derivatives at a single point .
The Maclaurin series for any polynomial is the polynomial itself .
The Maclaurin series was named after Colin Maclaurin , a professor in Edinburgh , who published the special case of the Taylor result in the 18th century .
The partial sums ( the Taylor polynomials ) of the series can be used as approximations of the entire function . These approximations are good if sufficiently many terms are included .
Differentiation and integration of power series can be performed term by term and is hence particularly easy .
An analytic function is uniquely extended to a holomorphic function on an open disk in the complex plane . This makes the machinery of complex analysis available .
The ( truncated ) series can be used to compute function values numerically , ( often by recasting the polynomial into the Chebyshev form and evaluating it with the <unk> algorithm ) .
Approximations using the first few terms of a Taylor series can make otherwise unsolvable problems possible for a restricted domain ; this approach is often used in physics .
The error in this approximation is no more than | x | 9 / 9 ! . In particular , for − 1 < x < 1 , the error is less than 0 @.@ <unk> .
The series on the right is the expectation value of f ( a + X ) , where X is a Poisson distributed random variable that takes the value <unk> with probability e − t / h ( t / h ) j / j ! . Hence ,
The law of large numbers implies that the identity holds .
Several important Maclaurin series expansions follow . All these expansions are valid for complex arguments x .
The numbers Bk appearing in the summation expansions of tan ( x ) and <unk> ( x ) are the Bernoulli numbers . The Ek in the expansion of sec ( x ) are Euler numbers .
Since the cosine is an even function , the coefficients for all the odd powers x , x3 , <unk> , <unk> , ... have to be zero .
Here we employ a method called " Indirect Expansion " to expand the given function . This method uses the known Taylor expansion of the exponential function . In order to expand
where the subscripts denote the respective partial derivatives .
where <formula> is the gradient of <formula> evaluated at <formula> and <formula> is the Hessian matrix . Applying the multi @-@ index notation the Taylor series for several variables becomes
which is to be understood as a still more abbreviated multi @-@ index version of the first equation of this paragraph , again in full analogy to the single variable case .
The Chariot had their final tour in October / November 2013 with Glass Cloud , <unk> , Birds in Row and To the Wind .
Josh moved on to form the band ' 68 .
This is the list of The Chariot music videos . Among them are official <unk> and live videos .
MD 322 is a part of the National Highway System as a principal arterial for its entire length .
The entire route is in Easton , Talbot County .
Credits adapted from the liner notes of Loud , Def Jam Recordings , SRP Records .
Northern specimens can be quite small shrubs and may be hard to distinguish from B. micrantha , which has smaller inflorescences and large flattened follicles .
B. sect . Banksia ( 9 series , 50 species , 9 subspecies , 3 varieties )
B. sect . Coccinea ( 1 species )
B. ser . Spicigerae ( 7 species , 2 subspecies , 4 varieties )
B. ser . Tricuspidae ( 1 species )
B. ser . Dryandroideae ( 1 species )
B. sphaerocarpa var. dolichostyla
B. sphaerocarpa var. latifolia
B. sphaerocarpa var. pumilio
B. sphaerocarpa var. sphaerocarpa
B. sphaerocarpa var. caesia
B. leptophylla ( 2 varieties )
B. meisneri ( 2 subspecies )
B. nutans ( 2 varieties )
B. subg . Isostylis ( 3 species )
In 2008 , George reinstated B. sphaerocarpa var. latifolia , and published the new variety B. sphaerocarpa var. pumilio .
Banksia sphaerocarpa is a widely distributed Western Australian species with four ( or five if one includes var. dolichostyla ) varieties :
Sega of America made several alterations to the game in order to make the North American release more challenging than the Japanese version . These alterations were retained in the PAL version .
Several years later , Cal becomes a diplomat stationed in Berlin . He meets Julie Kikuchi , a Japanese @-@ American woman , and tentatively starts a relationship with her .
The entire route is in Salt Lake County .
All songs written and composed by Mark Hall except where noted .
Credits lifted from the album liner notes of Lifesong .
Bonds has not been elected into the National Baseball Hall of Fame in his first four years of eligibility .
Before the 2016 MLB Season , it was announced that Bonds would become the hitting coach for the Miami Marlins .
On December 4 , 2015 , he was announced as the new hitting coach for the Miami Marlins .
Among Bonds ' many real estate properties is a home he owns in the exclusive gated community of Beverly Park in Beverly Hills , California .
Named a finalist to the Major League Baseball All @-@ Century Team in 1999 , but not elected to the team in the fan balloting .
The generic and specific names are derived from the Latin words rupes " rock " or " cliff " , and cola " inhabiting " , which express its habit of nesting on rock walls .
There is speculation that the simulation of male @-@ male competition is important in lek formation and breeding .
The species is rare in captivity , but breeding has been achieved at a small number of facilities . The world 's first successful captive breeding was at Dallas World Aquarium ( USA ) in 2008 .
The following episodes listed in the chart are arranged according to their production order , rather than by their original air dates .
William Joseph Bateman .
All tracks were written by Stephen Malkmus .
Rapunzel appeared later in the short film Tangled Ever After , that features his marriage with Eugene .
Rapunzel will also appear in the upcoming television series .
A free @-@ to @-@ play mobile game , Heroes of Dragon Age , was released in 2013 .
In 2009 Brown was inducted into the Queensland Sport Hall of Fame .
Scores and results list Bermuda 's goal tally first .
The entire highway is in Hillsdale County .
According to George T. <unk> in his history of the area :
Clifford " T.I. " Harris – songwriter , featured vocals
Since 2004 , Living River Siam has employed its research methods in other threatened locations across rural Thailand .
The decisive success of the British forces and the subsequent capture of Quebec City formed part of what became known as the " Annus Mirabilis " in Great Britain .
The French held their fire and both armies waited for two or three minutes . The French finally fired two disorganized volleys .
An eyewitness with the 78th Highlanders ( Dr. Robert Macpherson ) wrote three days after the battle :
No . Satu ( Number One ; 2006 )
He married novelist Mona Simpson , the biological sister of Apple founder Steve Jobs , in 1993 . They have two children . Appel and Simpson have since divorced .
A.U.S.A. ( 2003 ) – creator , executive producer , writer
The modern route of U.S. Route 50 between Ely , Nevada and Green River , Utah is the third iteration .
East of Green River I @-@ 70 closely follows the original route of US @-@ 50 , with some minor straightening by Crescent Junction , Cisco , and Westwater .
A bronze statue in front of the Massachusetts State House in Boston , dedicated in 1922 , displays an assumed likeness of Cole as a youngster , and her mother , Anne Hutchinson .
Some of Susanna 's ancestry on her father 's side was published by John D. Champlin in 1913 , and he published much of her ancestry on her mother 's side the following year .
In the first years of the 20th century , several navies worldwide experimented with the idea of a new type of battleship with a uniform armament of very heavy guns .
The inter @-@ war period saw the battleship subjected to strict international limitations to prevent a costly arms race breaking out .
Page numbers are given in parentheses .
I. Des Parties de l 'art dans les productions de la Nature ( 17 )
II . Importance des Rapports ( 39 )
III . De l <unk> parmi les Corps vivans , et de l <unk> que nous <unk> <unk> à ce mot ( 53 )
IV . <unk> sur les Animaux ( 82 )
V. Sur l 'Etat <unk> de la Distribution et de la Classification des Animaux ( 102 )
VI . <unk> et simplification de l 'organisation d 'une <unk> a l 'autre de la <unk> <unk> ( 130 )
VIII . De l 'Ordre naturel des Animaux et de la disposition qu 'il faut <unk> a leur distribution generale pour la <unk> <unk> a l 'ordre meme de la nature ( 269 )
I. Comparison des Corps <unk> avec les Corps vivans , <unk> d 'un Parallele entre les Animaux et les <unk> ( 377 )
II . De la Vie , de ce qui la <unk> , et des Conditions <unk> a son existence dans un corps ( 400 )
III . De la cause <unk> des <unk> <unk> ( 1 )
IV . De l <unk> et de l <unk> ( 20 )
V. Du <unk> <unk> , <unk> comme la gangue dans <unk> toute organisation a <unk> <unk> ( 46 )
VI . Des generations <unk> ou <unk> ( 61 )
VII . Des <unk> <unk> de la vie dans un corps ( 91 )
VIII . Des facultes communes a tous les corps vivans ( 113 )
IX . Des facultes <unk> a <unk> corps vivans ( 127 )
I. Du système <unk> ( 180 )
II . Du <unk> <unk> ( 235 )
III . De la <unk> physique et du <unk> des sensations ( 252 )
IV . Du sentiment intérieur , des <unk> qu 'il est susceptible d <unk> , et de la puissance ( 276 )
V. De la force <unk> des actions des animaux ( 302 )
VI . De la <unk> ( 330 )
VII . De l <unk> , de son origine , et de celle des idees ( 346 )
VIII . Des <unk> actes de l <unk> ( 388 )
Lamarckism was popularised in the English @-@ speaking world by the speculative Vestiges of the Natural History of Creation , published anonymously by Robert Chambers in 1844 .
President of the Republic , Niceto Alcalá Zamora entrusted the formation of a cabinet to Alejandro Lerroux , who was reliant on the support of CEDA .
The following table shows the percentage of pupils gaining five GCSE A * – C level grades , including and excluding English and Maths in 2007 .
Wellesley Historical Society , Massachusetts – Some of the portraits in their collection of 50 paintings are : Seldon L. Brown
Let it roll for all it 's worth ...
Let it roll into the night ...
Ashanti as Dorothy Gale : A Kansas teen dreaming of leaving her home and becoming a singer .
Queen Latifah as Aunt Em : Dorothy 's aunt and co @-@ owner of the family diner in Kansas .
David Alan Grier as Uncle Henry : Dorothy 's uncle and co @-@ owner of the family diner .
Jeffrey Tambor as The Wizard of Oz : The legendary Wizard of Oz . This is Tambor 's second appearance in a Muppet film , the first being Muppets from Space .
Kelly Osbourne as Dorothy Gale ( post @-@ makeover ) ( Extended version ) : Appears in a brief cameo as Dorothy when she first comes out of the Magic Makeover Machine in Emerald City .
Beaker : He appears as an Emerald City Technician . Beaker also appears at the end in the Muppets ' show .
Statler as Kalidah Critic # 1 . He heckles Dorothy and her friends as they try to cross a log .
Dr. Bunsen Honeydew : He appears as an Emerald City Technician . He also appears at the end of the film in the Muppets ' show .
Waldorf as Kalidah Critic # 2 . He and the other Kalidah Critic heckles Dorothy and her friends as they try to cross a log .
Zoot : He performs backup for the songs " Naptime " , and for the " The Witch is in the House " , and appears at the end of the film in the Muppets ' new show .
Dr. Teeth : He performs " Naptime " , and also performs in " The Witch is in the House " . He appears again at the end of the film in the Muppets ' show .
Johnny <unk> : He appears as one of the henchmen of the Wicked Witch of the West , and is supposedly her love interest .
Lew Zealand : He briefly appears in Emerald City at the red carpet event , asking Dorothy to sign his boomerang fish .
The Swedish Chef : He provides the Bran Flakes for the Wizard .
Bubba the Rat : He assists the Mayor of Munchkin Land in getting Dorothy and the Lion out of <unk> .
Miss Piggy as Herself : She appears early on with Kermit , and tries to get rid of Dorothy . She returns at the end of the film for the Muppets ' show .
as The Wicked Witch of the West : The Wicked Witch that terrifies all that meet her .
as The <unk> the Good Witch of the North : The Good Witch that gives Dorothy the silver slippers .
as The Glinda the Good Witch of the South : The other Good Witch that shows Dorothy how to get home .
as The Wicked Witch of the East : The original owner of the magic slippers who was killed by Dorothy 's falling mobile home .
Animal : He performs in the songs " Naptime " and " The Witch is in the House " .
Sam Eagle : He appears as the Guardian of the Gates . Sam doesn 't appear in the Muppets ' show at the end of the film .
Sal Manilla as Sal , a Flying Monkey : He accompanies Johnny for much of the film .
Clifford : He appears as the manager of the Poppy Field Club .
Mulch : He appears briefly in <unk> .
Angel Marie as a Flying Monkey : A servant of the Wicked Witch of the West .
Floyd Pepper : He performs in " Naptime " and " The Witch is in the House " .
Scooter : He appears as the Wizard 's Assistant .
Janice : She performs in " Naptime " and " The Witch is in the House " .
Sweetums as a Flying Monkey : He provides the keys for the Cowardly Lion 's escape from his cage .
Crow : He bothers the Scarecrow .
Camilla the Chicken : The Tin Thing 's girlfriend . The two are reunited later on in the film .
Foo @-@ Foo : Foo @-@ Foo appears as the pet of the Wicked Witch of the West .
Additional Muppets performed by Adam Behr , <unk> Cassidy , Drew Massey , Gord Robertson , Geoff Redknap , and James Rowley .
Steve Whitmire and Dave Goelz appear as audience members at Aunt Em 's Diner during the finale .
Eastern Z. m. carolinensis ( Linnaeus , 1766 )
Clarion Island Z. m. <unk> ( <unk> , 1890 )
West Indian Z. m. macroura ( Linnaeus , 1758 )
Western Z. m. <unk> ( Woodhouse , 1852 )
Panama Z. m. <unk> Wetmore , 1956
See link below for : courtship dance and mating .
Like other <unk> , the mourning dove drinks by suction , without lifting or tilting its head . It often gathers at drinking spots around dawn and dusk .
The eastern mourning dove ( Z. m. carolinensis ) is Wisconsin 's official symbol of peace . The bird is also Michigan 's state bird of peace .
The mourning dove appears as the Carolina turtle @-@ dove on plate 286 of Audubon 's Birds of America .
In January 1791 , Treasury Secretary Alexander Hamilton submitted a report to Congress proposing the establishment of a mint . Hamilton concluded his report :
Some of the <unk> galleries in Mdina 's ditch were used as air raid shelters during World War II .
Sections of the medieval walls of Mdina were rediscovered by Dr. Stephen C. Spiteri and Mario <unk> while they were surveying the bastions in 2002 .
St. Peter Bastion , also known as Greeks Gate Bastion – built in the 1550s during the magistracy of Juan de Homedes y Coscon
Spoken For was nominated for Pop / Contemporary Album of the Year at the 34th GMA Dove Awards .
Credits adapted from Love , Lust , Faith and Dreams album liner notes .
Faith N. - Executive Producer
The information regarding accolades attributed to Illmatic is adapted from Acclaimed Music .
Credits adapted from the liner notes of Hands All Over , A & M / Octone Records .
The entire route was in Somerville , Somerset County .
Allingham credited " cigarettes , whisky and wild , wild women – and a good sense of humour " for his longevity .
Allingham overtook George Frederick Ives as the longest lived member of the British Armed Forces on 1 November 2007 . He was therefore the longest lived British First World War veteran to date .
High Point University conducts the Gunther E. Rothenberg Seminar in Military History .
Rothenberg published hundreds of journal articles , reviews , and lectures . This is a partial list .
Rothenberg , Gunther Erich ( 1979 ) . The anatomy of the Israeli army . London : B. T. Batsford . ISBN <unk> . LCCN <unk> .
Rothenberg , Gunther Erich ( 2000 ) . Keegan , John , ed . The Napoleonic Wars . London : Cassell . ISBN <unk> . LCCN <unk> .
Ruth Budd , double bassist . Born in Winnipeg , she joined the TSO in 1947 , becoming Canada 's first professional female bassist .
Abe Mannheim , bassist . This was his fourth season with the orchestra . Immigration officials had questioned him for 4 hours .
John Moskalyk , violinist . He joined the TSO in 1945 .
Mannheim later performed in the Vancouver Symphony Orchestra and the Rochester Philharmonic Orchestra .
Moskalyk joined the Faculty of Music at the University of Toronto and also became a faculty member of The Royal Conservatory of Music .
The factors under which the TTAB evaluates the likelihood of confusion were established in In re E. I. du Pont de Nemours & Co . , and are commonly referred to as the " du Pont factors " .
In many instances , only a few of the categories will be applicable to the facts of the case before the TTAB .
The TTAB succinctly describes its territorial analysis in Weiner King , Inc. v. Wiener King Corp. :
The Prison Officers ' Club was used for multiple functions ; it was used as a canteen , a kindergarten , Catholic church , and recreation centre .
A building which had housed single Indian warders before the war was turned into a hospital called Tweed Bay Hospital .
Two houses , originally used as homes for the prison superintendent and the prison doctor , were turned into the Japanese headquarters for the camp .
The cemetery on the grounds became a popular spot for quiet relaxation as well as a place for intimate meetings between male and female internees .
Sir C. Grenville Alabaster – Attorney General of Hong Kong
In the 2000s , it entered into markets for " lifestyle products " like amplifiers , speakers and furniture with electronics built @-@ in , as well as wireless products .
Before the event went live on pay @-@ per @-@ view , World Tag Team Champions Lance Cade and Trevor Murdoch defeated Paul London and Brian Kendrick in a dark match .
Miguel Enrique Cubillos N. – producer , songwriter , music direction , artistic arrangement , vocal direction , chorus
Miguel E. Cubillos – producer , songwriter , music direction , artistic arrangement , vocal direction
Adapted from Goodies at Allmusic .
The following players were selected to the CBS Sports , Associated Press , Sporting News and ESPN preseason All @-@ American teams and the preseason media All @-@ Big Ten team .
This table summarizes the head @-@ to @-@ head results between teams in conference play . ( x ) indicates games remaining this season .
These are the Big Ten standings including tiebreakers and conference tournament games . Bold indicates the winner of the Big Ten Tournament .
Throughout the conference regular season , the Big Ten offices named one or two players of the week each Monday .
Iowa made the school 's first trip to the NIT semifinals at Madison Square Garden and marked the conference 's second consecutive year sending a team to the semifinals .
There were no entrants from the Big Ten Conference in the CollegeInsider.com Postseason Tournament .
In addition to Beilein being a coach for the World University Games , the Big Ten was represented at the games by Yogi Ferrell , Will <unk> , Aaron White and Adreian Payne .
Streets are named after significant contributors to each field , including Elis Regina and Carlos Gomes Streets , a Brazilian singer and a composer , respectively , Alan Turing Avenue and others .
Unicamp is also responsible for two technical high schools , the Technical High School of Campinas ( COTUCA ) and the Technical High School of Limeira ( COTIL ) .
Unicamp employs close to 1 @,@ 800 professors , nearly all with at least a doctoral degree . The faculty career is structured in three major tiers :
Credits are taken from the album 's liner notes .
The Doctor 's severed hand appears in this episode when Carys uses it as her bargaining chip to escape .
Credits for 808s & Heartbreak adapted from AllMusic .
On a morning misty and mild and fair .
And in the blossoms hung the bees .
For our best were dead on <unk> 's green .
And put all Troy to wreck .
In the foul rag and bone shop of the heart .
His 1921 poem , " The Second Coming " contains some of literature 's most potent images of the twentieth century .
The ceremony of innocence is drowned .
Are full of passionate intensity .
A † symbol indicates that the officer was killed during the action or subsequently died of wounds received .
The ships are ordered in the sequence in which they formed up for battle .
French Navy , = Navy of the Kingdom of Italy .
Norman Whiteside ( born 7 May 1965 ) is a former Northern Ireland international footballer who played in two World Cups . He played both as a midfielder and as a striker .
Scores and results list Northern Ireland 's goal tally first .
In 1953 Smyth and John A. Hall served as principal advisors to President Dwight Eisenhower in preparing his Atoms for Peace speech to the United Nations . The IAEA traces its origins to this speech .
Smyth endowed a chair in the Physics Department in his will . The sitting Henry DeWolf Smyth Professor of Physics is Suzanne <unk> .
During the last three months of fetal development , the sebaceous glands of the fetus produce vernix <unk> , a waxy white substance that coats the skin to protect it from amniotic fluid .
Fordyce spots , or Fordyce granules , are ectopic sebaceous glands found on the genitals and oral mucosa . They show themselves as yellowish @-@ white <unk> ( <unk> ) .
Sebaceous glands are involved in skin problems such as acne and keratosis pilaris . In the skin pores , sebum and keratin can create a hyperkeratotic plug called a comedo .
Sebaceous adenoma , a benign slow @-@ growing tumour — which may , however , in rare cases be a precursor to a cancer syndrome known as Muir @-@ Torre syndrome .
Sebaceous carcinoma , an uncommon and aggressive cutaneous tumour .
Specific terms and specialized language are used to describe equine anatomy , different life stages , colors and breeds .
Colt : A male horse under the age of four . A common terminology error is to call any young horse a " colt " , when the term actually only refers to young male horses .
Filly : A female horse under the age of four .
Mare : A female horse four years old and older .
Stallion : A non @-@ castrated male horse four years old and older . The term " horse " is sometimes used colloquially to refer specifically to a stallion .
Yearling : A horse of either sex that is between one and two years old .
Horses are raw material for many products made by humans throughout history , including byproducts from the slaughter of horses as well as materials collected from living horses .
India 's renowned scientist and former President of India , A. P. J. Abdul Kalam , was born in Rameswaram .
By that time the November issue of National Geographic was already in preparation for printing , but " Archaeoraptor " was never formally published in any peer @-@ reviewed journal .
The Visuddhimagga reflects changes in interpretation which appeared during the centuries since the Buddha 's time .
Yet <unk> notes that this postscript does not appear in the original Pali .
The 3rd Division carried out its first offensive at the Battle of Messines in June 1917 . For his part in the battle , Simpson was awarded the Military Cross . His citation read :
Unsurprisingly , there is no listing for Prince of Wales in Lloyd 's Register in 1796 .
The known active constituent of Salvia divinorum is a trans @-@ <unk> diterpenoid known as salvinorin A ( chemical formula <unk> ) . This compound is present in the dried plant at about 0 @.@ 18 % .
Salvinorin A is not an alkaloid , ( meaning it does not contain a basic nitrogen ) , unlike most known opioid receptor ligands . Salvinorin A is the first documented <unk> hallucinogen .
Salvinorin 's potency should not be confused with toxicity . Rodents chronically exposed to dosages many times greater than those to which humans are exposed show no signs of organ damage .
Modern methods of ingestion include smoking or chewing the leaf , or using a tincture , as described in the following sections .
When taken as a tincture the effects and duration are similar to other methods of oral ingestion , though they may be significantly more intense , depending on extract potency .
There also may be <unk> experiences . <unk> ( speaking in tongues ) has been reported by Reason .
A survey of salvia users found that 38 % described the effects as unique in comparison to other methods of altering consciousness . 23 % said the effects were like yoga , meditation or trance .
The Salvia <unk> User 's Guide recommends having a trip sitter present to those who are new to salvia , are experimenting with a stronger form , or are using a more effective method of ingestion .
The guide says that while the effects of salvia are generally quite different from those of alcohol , like alcohol , it impairs coordination . It also emphasizes that salvia is not a ' party <unk>
Feelings of calmness : 42 @.@ 2 %
Weird thoughts : 36 @.@ 4 %
Things seeming unreal : 32 @.@ 4 %
Mind racing : 23 @.@ 2 %
Feeling <unk> : 22 @.@ 2 %
It has been suggested that the long @-@ term effects of salvia use may include feelings of déjà vu .
Salvia researcher Griffith said that from animal testing salvia appears to not be addictive , also the intensity of the experience creates a dysphoria that causes people not to return to the drug .
You can give a rat free access to cocaine , give them free access to Salvinorin A , and they stop taking cocaine .
Professor Bryan L. Roth , director of the National Institute on Mental Health 's Psychoactive Drug Screening Program , has said :
We think that drugs derived from the active ingredient could be useful for a range of diseases : Alzheimer 's , depression , schizophrenia , chronic pain and even AIDS or HIV .
Story headlines may also include ' danger ' keywords , such as " Dangerous Herb is Legal ... " or " Deadly Dangers Of A Street Legal High " .
The New York Times has reported that " in state after state [ ... ] the YouTube videos have become Exhibit A in legislative efforts to regulate salvia . "
In Massachusetts , YouTube videos were shown by a retired police officer to public health and judiciary committees as evidence in favor of outlawing it there .
Where individual state legislation does exist , it varies from state to state in its prohibitive degree .
Salvia divinorum has been banned by various branches of the U.S. military and some military bases .
Some internet vendors will not sell live salvia cuttings , leaf , or leaf products to states where its use is restricted or prohibited .
Per their drugs and drug <unk> policy , eBay does not permit sale of Salvia divinorum or derived products ( despite legality in most areas ) .
Despite its growing notoriety in some circles , media stories generally suggest that the public at large are still mostly unaware of salvia , with the majority perhaps having never even heard of it .
Although published responses may not necessarily be representative of public opinion as a whole , some news agencies generally support reader and viewer feedback in connection with their stories .
A model of HMS Daring by renowned marine model maker Norman A. Ough is held by the National Maritime Museum .
Ashdod is Israel 's largest port , accounting for 60 % of the country 's imported goods . The city is also an important regional industrial center .
The city absorbed another blow in 605 BCE , when Nebuchadnezzar conquered it .
Upon Joshua 's conquest of the Promised Land , Ashdod was allotted to the Tribe of Judah ( Book of Joshua 15 : 46 ) .
According to the Bible , during the 10th century BCE Ashdod became , along with all the kingdom of Philistia , a patronage area of the Kingdom of Israel under the control of King David .
During the Byzantine period , the port city overshadowed its inland counterpart in size and importance . The 6th @-@ century Madaba Map is showing both under their respective names .
The prominence of Hellenised , then Christian Azotus continued until the 7th century , when it came under Muslim rule .
Ashdod was one of six cities that won the 2012 Education Prize awarded by the Israel Ministry of Education .
The Ashdod @-@ Nitzanim sand dune nature reserve is a 20 @-@ kilometer ( 12 @-@ mile ) stretch of sand dunes on the southern outskirts of Ashdod .
Lycée français <unk> @-@ Washington , a French international high school , is in Givat Washington , in proximity to Ashdod .
There is also heavy freight traffic in the area . Port of Ashdod has its own railway spur line as well as a special terminal for potash brought from the Sodom area and exported abroad .
There is a passenger pier in the Port of Ashdod . The traffic at this gateway is constantly growing , especially due to cruise ship activities . The other sea gateway is Blue Marina .
Ashdod also has one of the biggest open theaters in Israel - <unk> Ashdod that can hosts more than 6 @,@ 400 guests . The <unk> hosts Ashdod 's international art festival " Méditerranée " .
The Corinne <unk> Museum of Philistine Culture is worldwide the only museum dedicated to this topic . It reopened in 2014 with a new interactive exhibition .
Took command of his company , all the officers having been killed or wounded , and gallantly led it .
Six months later , Prateek and Sonia return to London , where the former manages to restore G.One to the real world .
Pre @-@ production began in April 2013 , and filming later in the year , including locations in Yorkshire and Canada .
The merged bank shows the following figures for 1912 : Total assets : <unk> million . Shareholders ' Equity : <unk> million . Profit : <unk> million .
Now I 'm asking all of you to help us save some lives .
Relieve the people of Bangla Desh .
That suffering , I can 't neglect ...
The following musicians are believed to have played on the studio recording of " Bangla Desh " .
Then something like a smile passed fleetingly over what had once been her face .
Translations of some of her poems by Babette Deutsch and Lyn Coffin are set to music on the album The <unk> Woods by Iris <unk> .
Uneven – compiled but never published .
On the eighth day from his birth , Isaac was circumcised , as was necessary for all males of Abraham 's household , in order to be in compliance with Yahweh 's covenant .
Isaac is unique among the patriarchs for remaining faithful to his wife , and for not having concubines .
According to local tradition , the graves of Isaac and Rebekah , along with the graves of Abraham and Sarah and Jacob and Leah , are in the Cave of the Patriarchs .
According to the Jewish tradition , Isaac instituted the afternoon prayer . This tradition is based on Genesis chapter 24 , verse 63 ( " Isaac went out to meditate in the field at the eventide " ) .
And We bestowed on him Isaac and , as an additional gift , ( a grandson ) , Jacob , and We made righteous men of every one ( of them ) .
And WE gave him the glad tidings of Isaac , a Prophet , and one of the righteous .
The earliest Christian portrayal of Isaac is found in the Roman catacomb frescoes . Excluding the fragments , Alison Moore Smith classifies these artistic works in three categories :
In early 2009 Carlsen engaged former World Champion Garry Kasparov as a personal trainer . In September their partnership was revealed to the public by Norwegian newspapers .
In May , Carlsen played in the first edition of Norway Chess tournament . He finished second , scoring 5 ½ / 9 ( + 3 − 1 = 5 ) , half a point behind Sergey Karjakin .
In the Sinquefield Cup , held in September , Carlsen finished first , scoring + 3 − 0 = 3 , a point ahead of Nakamura .
Carlsen played nine games for Norway in the 41st Chess Olympiad , scoring five wins , two draws , and two losses ( against Arkadij Naiditsch and Ivan Šarić ) .
All links in this section lead to an external site .
The Prince of Chess , a film about Magnus Carlsen ( 2005 ) . Directed by Øyvind <unk> .
Magnus ( 2016 ) . Directed by Benjamin Ree .
Saint @-@ Just , Théorie politique , edited by Alain Liénard , <unk> , Paris , 1976 . ( French )
Œuvres de Saint @-@ Just , <unk> d 'une notice historique sur sa vie edited by Adolphe <unk> , Paris , 1834 . ( French )
Œuvres complètes de Saint @-@ Just in two volumes edited by Charles <unk> , Paris , 1908 . ( French )
Œuvres <unk> , with introduction by Jean <unk> , Paris , 1946 . ( French )
Œuvres complètes , edited by Michèle Duval , Paris , 1984 . ( French )
Œuvres complètes , edited by Anne <unk> and Miguel <unk> , Paris , 2004 . ( French )
The song is composed in the key of E major and is set in time signature of common time with a tempo of 173 beats per minute . The vocal range spans from E3 to B4 .
All songs written and composed by Tom DeLonge , Mark Hoppus and Travis Barker , except where noted .
Credits adapted from the liner notes of Blink @-@ 182 , Geffen Records .
Other roles included Paterson Joseph as Benjamin Maddox , and Linda Marlowe as Ms Utterson .
The music was composed by Debbie Wiseman . The orchestra featured approximately 18 pieces . Some cues featured the vocals of Hayley Westenra to foreshadow the importance of a female voice .
Szabó survived by hiding at an orphanage , but his father died of diphtheria shortly after the German defeat . Memories of these events would later appear in several of his films .
The book has 14 monochrome photographs taken mainly by Newby , and two hand @-@ drawn maps . The novelist Evelyn Waugh wrote a preface that mentions the book 's whimsy and its Englishness .
A Short Walk was first published in 1958 by Secker and Warburg . It has been reprinted many times since .
The book was illustrated with 14 monochrome photographs taken by Newby or Carless ; one depicts the explorer Wilfred Thesiger in his sleeping @-@ bag .
The book contains 20 chapters , all narrated in the first person by Newby .
Newby describes his frustration with life in the fashion business or " rag trade " in London .
Newby leaves the rag trade .
Newby arrives in Istanbul with his wife , Wanda , having driven across Europe .
They walk . They get upset stomachs and blisters . They find a man " with his skull smashed to pulp " ; the head driver suggests they should leave the place immediately . Two <unk> circle overhead .
Edward Mace George , writing in The Guardian , notes that the book " is the comic masterpiece Newby will be remembered by " , though his finest work was Love and War in the Apennines ( 1971 ) .
On November 2 , 2013 , Humber signed a minor league contract with the Oakland Athletics , with an invitation to spring training . The Athletics assigned him to the Sacramento River Cats of the PCL .
His essay , " The Ecstasy of Influence : A Plagiarism " ( 2007 ) , is a passionate defense of plagiarism and a call for a return to a " gift economy " in the arts . He writes ,
The essay was included in his 2011 collection , The Ecstasy of Influence : <unk> , Etc .
Clarke , Jaime ( ed . ) . Conversations with Jonathan Lethem . Literary Conversations . University Press of Mississippi , 2012 .
Peacock , James . Jonathan Lethem . Contemporary American and Canadian Writers . Manchester University Press , 2012 .
Credits and personnel adapted from Hard Candy album liner notes .
Gibson Gowland as Dr. John McTeague , a dentist
Erich von <unk> as Dr. ' Painless ' Potter , a travelling dentist
Frank Hayes as Charles W. Grannis , proprietor of the Modern Dog Hospital
Hughie Mack as Mr. Heise , the harness maker
E. ' Tiny ' Jones as Mrs. Heise
J. Aldrich Libbey as Mr. <unk>
Reta <unk> as Mrs. <unk>
S.S. Simon as Joe <unk>
Hugh J. McCauley as the photographer
James F. Fulton as <unk> , a prospector
There are also 41 BabyFirst apps for mobile devices . An app available to AT & T U @-@ verse viewers allows children to draw on a mobile device and have the drawing appear on the television screen .
However , after the relocation of his patron to Vienna , Wright again visited London . On 9 April 1656 he passed through Dover , and the register of visitors indicates :
In response to the comic 's popularity , he stated , " I can 't quite fathom that it 's that widely known and recognized . "
The Apple Internet suite <unk> was named after this cartoon .
The poem , in which the speaker rhetorically asks why he has lost his ability to write poetry , uses boating references while staying closely connected to the poetic structure of a sonnet .
Below is a paraphrase , written in contemporary English and in prose .
Above a mortal pitch , that struck me dead ? ( 86 @.@ 6 )
Bound for the prize of all @-@ too @-@ precious you , ( 86 @.@ 2 )
The entire route was in Monroe County .
The Second Sino @-@ Japanese War was to drag on for another eight years and ultimately end with Japan 's defeat in 1945 .
The wood thrush has been reported to have one of the most beautiful songs of North American birds . American naturalist Henry David Thoreau wrote :
Whenever a man hears it he is young , and Nature is in her spring ; wherever he hears it , it is a new world and a free country , and the gates of Heaven are not shut against him .
In January 2011 , it was announced that Bell would be the new face of Neutrogena .
Patton Oswalt as Remy . Director Brad Bird chose Oswalt after hearing his food @-@ related comedy routine .
Lou Romano as Alfredo Linguini , the son of Auguste Gusteau and Renata Linguini .
Janeane Garofalo as Colette <unk> , Gusteau 's rôtisseur , inspired by French chef Hélène <unk> .
Brian Dennehy as Django , Remy and Emile 's father and the leader of the rats .
Peter O 'Toole as Anton Ego , a restaurant critic . His appearance was modeled after Louis Jouvet .
Peter Sohn as Emile , Remy 's older brother .
Will Arnett as Horst , Skinner 's German sous chef .
Julius Callahan as Lalo , Gusteau 's saucier and <unk> . Callahan also voices François , Skinner 's advertising executive .
James Remar as Larousse , Gusteau 's garde manger .
John Ratzenberger as Mustafa , Gusteau 's head waiter .
Teddy Newton as Talon <unk> , Skinner 's lawyer .
Tony Fucile as Pompidou , Gusteau 's <unk> . Fucile also voices Nadar Lessard , a health inspector employed by Skinner .
Jake Steinfeld as Git , a former lab rat and member of Django 's colony .
Brad Bird as Ambrister Minion , Anton Ego 's butler .
Stéphane Roux as the narrator of the cooking channel .
Thomas Keller as a dining patron who asks " what 's new " .
Promotional material for Intel credits their platform for a 30 percent performance improvement in rendering software . They used Remy in some of their marketing materials .
Hamm 's first acting role was as Winnie the Pooh in first grade . At 16 , he was cast as Judas in Godspell , and enjoyed the experience , though he did not take acting seriously .
Hamm used memories of his father to portray Draper , a well @-@ dressed , influential figure in business and society hiding great inner turmoil and facing changes in the world beyond his control .
Robert Bianco of USA Today was complimentary of Hamm , noting that his interpretation of Draper was a " <unk> performance " . The Boston Globe 's Matthew Gilbert called Hamm a " brilliant lead " .
Hamm identifies as a Democrat .
During her World War II service , Yancey was awarded two battle stars .
Geneforge is the first video game in the Geneforge series of role @-@ playing video games created by Spiderweb Software .
Copper sharks only attack humans infrequently , but the species places sixth in the number of unprovoked attacks on people .
In August 2014 , Warren Lapine , former editor of Absolute Magnitude , Realms of Fantasy , and Weird Tales , revived the Fantastic logotype of Fantastic Stories of the Imagination as a free webzine .
The list below gives the person who was acting as editor . In some cases , such as at the start of Cele Goldsmith 's stint , the official editor was not the same person ; details are given above .
The title changed multiple times , and was frequently inconsistently given between the cover , spine , indicia , and masthead .
The following table shows which issues appeared from which publisher .
The following table lists the major junctions along Highway 72 , as noted by the Ministry of Transportation of Ontario . The entire route is located in Kenora District .
In 2015 , <unk> <unk> from the Czech Party of Free Citizens proclaimed the micronation Liberland on what he said is land left unclaimed by both Croatia and Serbia .
In the buildup to the race , Cambridge 's P. D. Rickett was struck down by influenza for a week and was unable to train .
Billali – an elder of one of the Amahagger tribes .
Ustane – an Amahagger maiden . She becomes romantically attached to Leo , caring for him when he is injured , acting as his protector , and defying She to stay with him .
An interesting and obscure reference to She appears in Lieut . George Witton 's 1907 Book , <unk> of the Empire ; The True Story of the <unk> <unk> :
In 2001 another adaption was released direct @-@ to @-@ video with Ian Duncan as Leo Vincey , <unk> Winter as Ayesha and Marie Bäumer as Roxane .
His favorite refrain to opponents was , " I hope you don 't like it . "
Bomar also played baseball and basketball at Vanderbilt , and was a forward on the basketball team . He attracted large crowds at basketball games because of his football prowess .
Sitting Bull ( 1954 ) , with J. Carrol Naish in the title role , Iron Eyes Cody as Crazy Horse ; with Dale Robertson and William Tannen .
Legoland Billund , the first Legoland park , contains a Lego sculpture of Sitting Bull , the largest sculpture in the park .
Sitting Bull is featured as the leader for the Native American Civilization in the computer game Civilization IV .
Sitting Bull is lionized as one of 13 great Americans in President Barack Obama 's children 's book , Of Thee I Sing : A Letter to My Daughters .
Two Sperry Technicians that were dispatched to repair the radar on the ship were crossing the gangplank at the time of the explosion and were killed . Their names are David Strout and Don Wampler .
MSU has over 200 academic programs offered by 17 @-@ degree @-@ granting colleges .
The Michigan State University College of Nursing grants <unk> , <unk> , and PhD degrees .
MSU offers a 30 credit graduate program for Masters in Educational Technology in 3 different formats ; completely online , hybrid in East Lansing , Michigan , or overseas .
On the American Football League 's All @-@ Time Team are tight @-@ end Fred <unk> and safety George <unk> .
NCAA Gymnastics Champion and former Sesame Street Muppet performer Toby Towson is an MSU graduate .
He became widely known for his outspoken lectures against war profiteering , U.S. military adventurism , and what he viewed as nascent fascism in the United States .
Butler was featured in the 2003 Canadian documentary film The Corporation .
In his book My First Days in the White House , Senator Huey Long of Louisiana stated that , if elected to the presidency , he would name Butler as his Secretary of War .
His childhood home at West Chester , The Butler House , was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 .
Butler , Smedley ; Burks , Arthur J. ( 1927 ) . Walter Garvin in Mexico . Philadelphia : Dorrance . OCLC <unk> .
The investigation further revealed that there was no technical malfunction on the aircraft prior to touchdown .
The flight crew was criticised for not maintaining a sterile cockpit during the landing , with excessive non @-@ flight related discussion going on throughout the flight .
Unusually for an aircraft accident investigation , the investigative committee was not provided information as to the identities of the flight crew of the aircraft .
In an interview with <unk> , Jesse Leach announced that the band will start demoing new material " in the coming months " .
Killswitch Engage took part in a summer tour in July 2015 , opening up for Rise Against with support from letlive .
All songs written and composed by Tomahawk ( Mike Patton , Duane Denison , Kevin Rutmanis and John Stanier ) .
Together , all the first three films were nominated for a total of 11 Academy Awards , of which a single award was won .
Together , all the four films were nominated for a total of 2 Golden Globe Awards , of which neither were won .
Together , all the first three films were nominated for a total of 13 MTV Movie Awards , of which 4 were won .
Together , all the four films were nominated for a total of 25 Teen Choice Awards , of which 16 were won .
Much of the understanding of plasma has come from the pursuit of controlled nuclear fusion and fusion power , for which plasma physics provides the scientific foundation .
Dust and small grains within a plasma will also pick up a net negative charge , so that they in turn may act like a very heavy negative ion component of the plasma ( see dusty plasmas ) .
One of the metastable states of a strongly nonideal plasma is Rydberg matter , which forms upon condensation of excited atoms .
Wave heated plasma : similar to CCP and ICP in that it is typically RF ( or microwave ) . Examples include <unk> discharge and electron cyclotron resonance ( ECR ) .
Corona discharge : this is a non @-@ thermal discharge generated by the application of high voltage to sharp electrode tips . It is commonly used in ozone generators and particle precipitators .
The entire highway is in Grand Traverse County .
In 1973 , Lennon contributed a limerick called " Why Make It Sad To Be Gay ? " to Len Richmond 's The Gay Liberation Book .
In December 2013 the International Astronomical Union named one of the craters on Mercury after Lennon .
He was the subject of This Is Your Life in 1956 when he was surprised by Eamonn Andrews at the BBC Television Theatre .
a . ^ These three matches were played before competitive football was suspended due to the outbreak of the Second World War and are not included in the total .
b . ^ Domestic and international statistics listed in Matthew 's autobiography :
This speech set out the Land League 's powerful weapon of social ostracism , which was first used against Charles Boycott .
I said , " I 'm bothered about a word . "
Neighbours has been sold to over 60 countries around the world and is one of Australia 's most successful media exports .
The mod was nominated for the " Online Innovation " category at the Game Developers Conference Online Awards 2012 .
PC Gamer gave DayZ the " Mod of the Year " 2012 award , calling it " one of the least @-@ forgiving and most intimidating games of the year . "
Good Game gave DayZ the " Quiet Achiever " award for 2012 .
As Robin becomes integrated into Wisteria Lane , she gradually begins to affect the lives of several of her new neighbors .
Pro golfer Lexi Thompson , youngest winner ever of a LPGA tour event at 16 , was born in Coral Springs .
Coral Springs is a sister city of Paraíso , Costa Rica .
Details adapted from the liner notes of the " Young Blood " promotional CD single .
In 2015 , U.S. News & World Report ranked UNC Chapel Hill 5th among the top public colleges and universities in the United States .
The song peaked at numbers 14 and four on the US Billboard Hot 100 and Hot R & B / Hip @-@ Hop Songs charts , respectively .
Credits are taken from Pink Friday liner notes .
Similar to the 200 series , but mixed passenger and freight .
Belfast @-@ built production , 10 ordered by BOAC but cancelled in favour of 305 ; seven were begun to this standard with two delivered to Aeronaves de Mexico .
Two former <unk> ordered by Transcontinental SA of Argentina in 104 @-@ passenger configuration .
One former 305 ( leased to Ghana Airways ) .
One prototype originally known as a 300LR .
Production aircraft for BOAC , 18 built .
Production aircraft for El Al , four built .
Production aircraft for Canadian Pacific Air Lines , six built .
Production aircraft for Hunting @-@ Clan Air Transport in 124 passenger trooping configuration , two built .
Variant for North American market , order for Trans World Airlines not concluded , two built were completed as Series <unk> .
El Al - An El Al Bristol Britannia was used by Israel to fly Adolf Eichmann out of Argentina after his kidnap in 1960 .
Forward fuselage is with the Bristol Aero Collection This is the second prototype aircraft , destroyed in the Severn Estuary crash .
On display at the Royal Air Force Museum , RAF Cosford , England , in Royal Air Force Air Support Command colours as <unk> " <unk> " .
On display at the Imperial War Museum Duxford , England , in Monarch Airlines colours .
Britannia C.1 ( <unk> ) Regulus
On display at Kemble Airfield , England , in RAF colours .
Cockpit preserved in Burnham on Sea , Somerset , England .
Data from Britannia ... Last of the Bristol Line
Air Greenland 's last remaining Twin Otter was sold in 2011 to <unk> in exchange for cash and a one @-@ fourth interest in the Icelandic company .
Air Greenland also performs charter flights within Europe on behalf of European travel agencies using its Airbus A330 .
The agreement makes it again possible to combine a trip , in one ticket .
Murali Kartik has done many advertisement for the PETA India , including the ' Save Your Chicks ' campaign , which aimed for awareness against flesh farming of poultry .
The reviewers noticed some musical changes in the new work , but some of them suspended their judgement , waiting for a full album to express their opinions about the new course of After Forever .
The album sold enough in the Benelux to remain in the Dutch Mega Album Top 100 chart for eleven weeks and in the Belgian Ultratop 50 Albums chart for two .
All music by After Forever , except " Childhood in Minor " by Sander Gommans and " Eccentric " by Lando van Gils and Floor Jansen . All lyrics by Jansen .
Pictures depict the flag at Forbes Field at half staff on opening day . This occurred to honor recently deceased presidents of the Philadelphia Phillies and the Boston Doves .
Although Forbes Field developed a reputation as a " pitcher @-@ friendly " ballpark , there was never a no @-@ hitter thrown in the more than 4 @,@ 700 games at the stadium .
The field itself consisted of natural grass grown in Crestline , Ohio .
In 1909 , Forbes Field 's opening season , the Pirates beat the Detroit Tigers in the World Series . It would be the only meeting of eventual Hall of Famers Honus Wagner and Ty Cobb .
On October 2 , 1920 , Forbes Field hosted the last triple @-@ header in MLB history .
Most of the game @-@ action scenes from the 1951 film Angels in the Outfield were filmed at the stadium .
The University of Pittsburgh 's baseball team would also often use Forbes Field for home games .
Forbes Field in the early 1910s from the Library of Congress , intended to form a panorama .
As of 4 January 2012 .
A fellow of the Royal Geographical Society and the Explorers Club , Fossett set more than a hundred records in five different sports , sixty of which still stood at the time of his death .
Fossett was born in Jackson , Tennessee and grew up in Garden Grove , California , where he graduated from Garden Grove High School .
Fossett became well known in the United Kingdom for his friendship with billionaire Richard Branson , whose Virgin Group sponsored some of Fossett 's adventures .
At the time of his death , a submarine , <unk> Challenger , was under construction to let him be the first solo submariner to reach the Challenger Deep .
On September 12 , survival experts speculated that Fossett was likely to be dead .
On St. Patrick 's Day 2014 , a Tesla high power electric vehicle charging station , known commonly as a supercharger , was opened on site .
The song was remixed with parts of songs such as " Privacy " ( from the album Invincible ) and " Tabloid Junkie " , and released on the Immortal album , in November , 2011 .
In 2009 , Billboard described the area as " now a model for social development " and claimed that Jackson 's influence was partially responsible for this improvement .
The voice intro , " Michael , Michael , <unk> não <unk> pra gente " ( <unk> for " they don 't care about us " ) , was recorded by Angélica Vieira , producer of Manhattan Connection .
In 2012 , Italian jazz trumpeter Enrico Rava released a version on his tribute album Rava on the Dance Floor .
In 2014 , 2Cellos released a cover of the song on their album <unk> .
Benzodiazepines are usually administered orally ; however , very occasionally lorazepam or diazepam may be given intravenously for the treatment of panic attacks .
Antipsychotics are generally a first @-@ line treatment for delirium ; however , when delirium is caused by alcohol or sedative hypnotic withdrawal , benzodiazepines are a first @-@ line treatment .
There is some evidence that low doses of benzodiazepines reduce adverse effects of electroconvulsive therapy .
In the United States , the Food and Drug Administration has categorized benzodiazepines into either category D or X meaning potential for harm in the unborn has been demonstrated .
clorazepate , diazepam , flurazepam , <unk> , <unk> , and others .
In Canada , possession of benzodiazepines is legal for personal use . All benzodiazepines are categorized as Schedule IV substances under the Controlled Drugs and Substances Act .
Internationally , benzodiazepines are categorized as Schedule IV controlled drugs , apart from flunitrazepam which is a Schedule III drug under the Convention on Psychotropic Substances .
By the end of the season , Walker appoints Frank the Vice President of the United States , making Claire the Second Lady of the United States .
The season 4 performance earned a nomination for Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead <unk> in a Drama Series at the 68th Primetime Emmy Awards .
The sides are mostly non @-@ state , comprising some form of multinational grouping against some non @-@ state party or parties .
The Utility of Force was published in November 2005 by Allen Lane , an imprint of Penguin Books .
In addition to these 30 songs , Universal Studios Florida also provided additional " hidden " songs that are available to riders , but are not included in the queue video .
Epigenetic changes — such as alteration of DNA methylation , histone tail modification , or microRNA regulation — may lead to inactivation of tumor suppressor genes .
The three main subtypes of NSCLC are adenocarcinoma , squamous @-@ cell carcinoma and large @-@ cell carcinoma .
Lung cancer staging is an assessment of the degree of spread of the cancer from its original source . It is one of the factors affecting the prognosis and potential treatment of lung cancer .
Smoking prevention and smoking cessation are effective ways of preventing the development of lung cancer .
For potentially curable SCLC cases , chest radiotherapy is often recommended in addition to chemotherapy .
For both NSCLC and SCLC patients , smaller doses of radiation to the chest may be used for symptom control ( palliative radiotherapy ) .
In 2011 , Mouton was made knight of the Legion of Honour ( Légion d 'honneur ) by French President Nicolas Sarkozy .
They roost in shallow water , where they may be safe from some ground predators . Adult birds do not moult their feathers annually and instead feathers are replaced once every two or three years .
The species has been extirpated in Malaysia , the Philippines and Thailand . Reintroduction programs planned in Thailand have made use of birds from Cambodia .
The Indian state of Uttar Pradesh uses the sarus crane as its official bird symbol . An Indian 14 @-@ seater propeller aircraft , the <unk> , is named after this crane .
There are five main options for creating a U.N. Parliamentary Assembly , according to various assessments .
UNPA proponents frequently counter by pointing out that most of the world 's countries are democratic .
Stamper did not learn to read or write traditional musical notation , creating his own numerical notation .
Stamper 's caricature was on the wall at Sardi 's restaurant .
Stamper and Buck 's song The Shakespearian Rag appears in T. S. Eliot 's The Waste Land :
Ring Lardner and George S. Kaufman mentioned Stamper in their play June Moon :
Lucille : Yes ! Paul : He said it was another " Paprika " . Wait till you hear it played . Dave Stamper says it 's sure fire .
This architecture would have used a Titan II to launch the Gemini spacecraft , with a Saturn IB launching the upper stages .
A number of other applications were considered for the Gemini spacecraft .
At the end of the episode , Hank finally shows up but is upset because everyone but the cleaning staff is gone .
Credits adapted from the liner notes of Loud , Def Jam Recordings , SRP Records .
Mel & Mus appears on behalf of Wall Street Ent .
Kuk Harrell appears on behalf of Suga <unk> Music , Inc .
Laich 's play improved significantly in Toronto , recording identical numbers to what he scored in Washington while playing in a third of the games .
Booker T. Jones - keyboards , organ , piano
Al Jackson , Jr . - drums
Adding to that , Gulf will offer franchises to the existing filling station owners to convert them into Gulf Trademark .
The press release also stated that " MSN is also in talks with toilet paper manufacturers to produce special web paper for those in need of URL inspiration " .
Roy G. Biv String Vibe - strings
J. R. McNeely - recording
Maria Ursula , her parents , and both children died in September 1833 from cholera .
A number of films have depicted the events of the Battle of the Alamo , and Bowie has appeared as a character in each .
Bowie County in northeast Texas , and the city of Bowie in Montague County , Texas , were both named in honor of James Bowie .
Mixing - Jaycen @-@ Joshua Fowler and Dave Pensado , assisted by Giancarlo Lino .
Since May 2013 RIAA certifications for digital singles include on @-@ demand audio and / or video song streams in addition to downloads .
Her Majesty hopes that the relocation to Royal Air Force Northolt will continue to progress well , and wishes all personnel at Uxbridge best wishes for the future .
Since closing , the site has been used extensively for filming . Most recently , scenes for the television drama Endeavour , set in the 1960s , were filmed there .
An additional planning application for the construction of office buildings was submitted by St. Modwen in June 2015 .
Rodman R. Bundy , <unk> à la Cour d <unk> de Paris ; member of the New York State Bar Association ; Frere <unk> / Eversheds , Paris ( Counsel and Advocate ) ;
S. Jayakumar , Deputy Prime Minister ; Co @-@ ordinating Minister for National Security and Minister for Law ; Professor of Law at the National University of Singapore ( Counsel and Advocate ) .
James Crawford , S.C. , <unk> , Whewell Professor of International Law , University of Cambridge ; member of the Institut de Droit International ( Counsel ) ;
Marcelo G. Kohen , Professor of International Law , Graduate Institute of International Studies , Geneva ; associate member of the Institut de Droit International ( Counsel ) ; and
Penelope Nevill , college lecturer , Downing College , Cambridge .
It had exercised exclusive control over the use of the island and visits to the island , including requiring Malaysian officials wishing to visit the island for scientific surveys to obtain permits .
In its rebuttal on 24 November , Malaysia said that the difference between the photographs was " all a question of perspective " and that the matter was not worth discussing .
Malaysia did not mention the matter further in its rebuttal on 24 November .
In view of the above , the Court held that by 1980 sovereignty over Pedra Branca had passed from Malaysia to Singapore .
The episode was included in Reawakened : A Once Upon a Time Tale – a novelization of the first season – which was published by Hyperion Books in 2013 .
The Black Keys ' song " Howlin ' for You " is featured in Emma 's introduction scene .
By all accounts , Paul Butterfield was absorbed in his music . According to his brother Peter ,
After his death in 1987 , his former record companies released a number of live albums and compilations . Except where noted , the following albums are listed as " The Paul Butterfield Blues Band " .
Blues at Midnight ( released with several titles and dates ) , Jimi Hendrix , B.B. King , and others ( bootleg of jam recorded 1968 )
B.B. King & Friends ( released with various titles and dates ) , <unk> King , Eric Clapton , Stevie Ray Vaughan , and others ( bootleg video of television special filmed 1987 )
The painter Walter Sickert – a student of Whistler – later described the painting in unflattering terms . In December 1908 , five years after Whistler 's death , he wrote in the Fortnightly Review :
Published by Windswept Pacific Music Ltd . / PolyGram Music Publishing Ltd .
Prior to the Crimes Act , Congress had passed very few federal crimes . Among Congress 's earlier criminal statutes were :
A prohibition on census takers failing to report their findings .
Some members of the House , including Theodore Sedgwick of Massachusetts , spoke against the prescribing death penalty for counterfeiting , viewing it as too harsh .
Section 31 eliminated the benefit of clergy for capital crimes . Section 33 designated the means of execution as " hanging . . . by the neck until dead . "
Section 27 provided a limited exception for private debts contracted by ambassadors prior to the passage of the act .
Section 4 was codified in the Revised Statutes .
Section 5 was codified in the Revised Statutes .
Section 6 was codified in the Revised Statutes .
Section 9 was codified in the Revised Statutes .
Section 10 was codified in the Revised Statutes .
Section 11 was codified in two sections of the Revised Statutes .
Section 13 was codified in the Revised Statutes .
Section 19 was codified in three sections of the Revised Statutes .
Section 21 was codified in two sections of the Revised Statutes .
Section 23 was codified in the Revised Statutes .
Section 24 was codified in the Revised Statutes .
Sections 25 through 29 were not codified in Title LXX of the Revised Statutes .
Section 31 was codified in the Revised Statutes .
Section 33 was codified in the Revised Statutes .
Similarly , the Supreme Court and individual justices have cited the Crimes Act 's authorization of the death penalty as evidence that the founders believed it was constitutional .
The Modern Cook is the first published record in England of filling wafer cornets , which Francatelli called <unk> , with ice cream . He used them to garnish his iced puddings .
There is a single bill of fare for a " Ball Supper for 300 Persons " , and one for a " Public Dinner " for the same number .
c . 1855 , T.B. Peterson and Brothers , Philadelphia .
The Historic Food website notes that Francatelli provides two recipes for mincemeat , one with roast beef , the other containing lemons but no meat .
Nick Baines writes on <unk> that Francatelli included " a whole collection of lavish pies " in the book .
Petoskey was a three @-@ sport player for the Michigan Wolverines . While enrolled at Michigan , he earned eight varsity letters — three in football , three in baseball and two in basketball .
In stanza 38 of the poem Helgakviða Hundingsbana II , the hero Helgi Hundingsbane dies and goes to Valhalla . In stanza 38 , Helgi 's glory there is described :
and whose horns glow against the sky itself .
Valhalla is referenced in the Prose Edda books Gylfaginning and Skáldskaparmál .
so glad is my heart .
Multiple places have been named after Valhalla . These include :
the Tresco Abbey Gardens Valhalla museum built by August Smith around 1830 to house ship figureheads from shipwrecks that occurred at the Isles of Scilly , England , where the museum is located .
A crater , Valhalla , located on the planet Jupiter 's moon Callisto , is named after the hall .
Mt . Valhalla in <unk> @-@ Nicolet National Forest , Bayfield County , Wisconsin
Scoring 83 in Metacritic 's aggregate , the game was criticized for " graphic glitches " , the aged nature of the port , and being essentially identical to the PlayStation version .
Metal Gear Solid was a commercial success , shipping over six million copies worldwide . It became one of the most rented games and topped sales charts in the United Kingdom .
The entire route is in Sussex County .
Credits adapted from AllMusic .
In 1916 Gordon @-@ Cumming ensured that the Labour Party politician Ramsay MacDonald had his membership rescinded from the Moray Golf Club because of the latter 's opposition to the First World War .
Two of Gordon @-@ Cumming 's granddaughters , Katie Fforde and Jane Gordon @-@ Cumming , became writers .
Apart from this and another incident in 1800 , Arniston 's first eight voyages were uneventful .
Arniston was to ferry nine field pieces , as well as a company of artillery and three of infantry ( 393 men in all ) , to Elphinstone .
This journey included a passage through the Bass Strait to improve an earlier nautical chart of the route .
On this voyage Arniston sailed under a letter of marque in the name of Captain Walter Campbell . Her itinerary was :
The British government then chartered Arniston as a troop transport to the Cape and India .
Among the victims were : Captain George Simpson , Lieutenant Brice , Lord and Lady Molesworth .
In 2013 , Miyano made his first appearance in on NHK 's music variety show Music Japan .
Miyano married in late 2008 . He and his wife have a son together .
Moncton was one of only six Canadian cities chosen to host the 2015 FIFA Women 's World Cup .
The current federal MP for Moncton — Riverview — Dieppe is Ginette Petitpas Taylor ( Liberal ) , as of the 2015 federal election .
Four universities have campuses in the greater Moncton region .
Moncton is home to two campuses of the New Brunswick Community College system .
The ( smaller ) French @-@ language Collège <unk> du Nouveau Brunswick - Dieppe provides similar training for the trades and technology sectors .
Moncton has six private vocational schools that offer practical training in a variety of fields .
The Atlantic Business College offers a variety of business , paramedical and paralegal programs .
McKenzie College is a visual arts institution specializing in graphic design , digital media , and animation .
There are 16 broadcast radio stations in the city covering a variety of genres and interests , all on the FM dial . Ten of these stations are English and six are French .
The Metro Moncton Area is served by <unk> <unk> , which is operated by the City of Moncton . It operates 40 buses on 19 routes throughout Moncton , Dieppe , and Riverview .
There are two major regional referral and teaching hospitals in Moncton .
Maclean 's magazine has stated that Moncton has the best health care facilities of any of the smaller sized regional cities in Canada .
All lyrics written by Paulo Fernandes , all music composed by Paulo Fernandes , Paulo Garim , Tó @-@ Zé , Gustavo Silva , Daniel Santos .
Common house martin ( Delichon urbicum ) originally described as Hirundo urbica by Linnaeus in 1758 .
Asian house martin ( Delichon dasypus ) described as Chelidon dasypus by Bonaparte in 1850 .
Nepal house martin ( Delichon nipalense ) described by Moore in 1854 .
Unas had at least five daughters named <unk> Hemi , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> Iku , and <unk> <unk> . The status of another possible daughter , Iput , is uncertain .
All were published through Hodder & Stoughton .
The NAACP awarded the Spingarn Medal to Du Bois in 1920 .
Du Bois was awarded the International Lenin Peace Prize by the USSR in 1959 .
The site of the house where Du Bois grew up in Great Barrington , Massachusetts , was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1976 .
In 1994 , the main library at the University of Massachusetts Amherst was named after Du Bois .
The Du Bois center at Northern Arizona University is named in his honor .
A dormitory was named after Du Bois at the University of Pennsylvania , where he conducted field research for his sociological study " The Philadelphia Negro " .
A dormitory is named after Du Bois at Hampton University .
Africana : The Encyclopedia of the African and African @-@ American Experience was inspired by and dedicated to Du Bois by its editors Kwame Anthony <unk> and Henry Louis Gates , Jr .
Humboldt University in Berlin hosts a series of lectures named in Du Bois 's honor .
In 2005 , Du Bois was honored with a medallion in The Extra Mile , Washington DC 's memorial to important American volunteers .
The liturgical calendar of the Episcopal Church remembers Du Bois annually on August 3 .
Du Bois was appointed Honorary Emeritus Professor at the University of Pennsylvania in 2012 .
In 1939 , he published pamphlets as chairman of the American Federation of Peace that argued that Americans should be sterilized so that their children will no longer have to fight in foreign wars .
He attended South Side High School in Newark , New Jersey and graduated around 1928 .
Kaufman traveled to the Sahara Desert and wrote : " you look at the horizon all day long and feel that you are staring at eternity . " In <unk> he met Clare Sheridan .
He died in April 1986 in East Orange , New Jersey .
All songs written and composed by Ry Cooder .
Credits are adapted from the album 's liner notes .
The episode was nominated for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Animated Program ( For Programming less than One Hour ) , but lost to The Simpsons episode " Behind the Laughter " .
Japan 's early victories in the Sino @-@ Japanese War resulted in the Hinomaru again being used for celebrations . It was seen in the hands of every Japanese during parades .
To the Japanese , the Hinomaru was the " Rising Sun flag that would light the darkness of the entire world . " To Westerners , it was one of the Japanese military 's most powerful symbols .
Dobler , Bruce . The Last Rush North . Boston ; Little , Brown and Co . , 1976 .
Fineberg , Richard A. A Pipeline in Peril : A Status Report on the Trans @-@ Alaska Pipeline . Ester , Alaska ; Alaska Forum for Environmental Responsibility , 1996 .
Hanrahan , John and <unk> , Peter . Lost Frontier : The Marketing of Alaska . New York ; W.W. Norton , 1977 .
Kruse , John A. Fairbanks Community Survey . Fairbanks ; Institute of Social and Economic Research , 1976 .
McPhee , John . Coming Into the Country . New York : Farrar , Straus and Giroux , 1976 .
Romer , John and Elizabeth . The Seven Wonders of the World : A History of the Modern Imagination . New York ; Henry Holt and Co . , 1995 .
Armstrong , John . Pipeline Alaska . Pelican Films , 1977 .
Hesychius ( ed . Schmidt , I , p . 516 @.@ 80 )
George Sphrantzes 1 @.@ 33
Xue often exchanged poems and paintings with her clientele , receiving their own artworks in exchange .
The 5th Avenue Theatre continues to thrive with the assistance of many generous donors and volunteers .
We 've become a very sought @-@ after partner for developing Broadway musicals .
The 2008 show was held at <unk> Miami Beach , Florida . Usher was appeared on the show as well as opened it . Unlike the other shows , the runway was designed parallel with the audience seats .
Heidi Klum and Adriana Lima have worn the Fantasy Bra in three different years . Gisele Bündchen , Tyra Banks , Karolina <unk> , and Alessandra Ambrosio have each worn two Fantasy Bras .
When we were honorably discharged from the United States army , we were hailed as heroes and saviors of our country . We returned to our duties on the police force of Boston .
Now , though only a few months have passed , we are denounced as deserters , as traitors to our city and violators of our oath of office .
Not one man of us ever disgraced the flag or his service . It is bitter to come home and be called deserters and traitors . We are the same men who were on the French front .
Some of us fought in the Spanish war of 1898 . Won 't you tell the people of Massachusetts in which war you served ?
The Boston Police Patrolman 's Association was formed in 1965 following the enactment of a state statute allowing state and municipal workers to organize for the sake of collective bargaining .
The Dropkick Murphys album Rock Against Bush Volume 2 includes the song " We Got the Power " about the Boston police strike .
Dennis Lehane 's novel The Given Day is partly set during the Boston police strike .
Issue number 7 of Alan Moore 's comic book series Providence is set on the backdrop of the Boston police strike .
Demands that implicitly or explicitly threaten listeners with blame or punishment if they fail to comply .
Making comparisons between people .
A premise of deserving , that certain actions merit reward while others merit punishment .
Needs : universal human needs , as distinct from particular strategies for meeting needs . It is posited that " Everything we do is in service of our needs . "
Some recent research appears to validate the existence of universal human needs .
Rosenberg further states that he developed NVC as a way to " get conscious of " what he calls the " Beloved Divine Energy " .
Chapman Flack sees an overlap between what Rosenberg advocates and critical thinking , especially Bertrand Russell 's formulation uniting kindness and clear thinking .
The difficulty of using NVC as well as the dangers of misuse are common concerns . The NVC four step model is seen as problematic for a number of reasons :
Oboth suggests that people might hide their feelings in the process of empathy , subverting the nonviolence of communication .
The massive investment of time and effort in learning to use NVC has been noted by a number of researchers .
Sven Hartenstein has created a series of cartoons spoofing NVC .
CNVC certifies trainers who wish to teach NVC in a manner aligned with CNVC 's understanding of the NVC process . CNVC also offers trainings by certified trainers .
Atlee , T. " Thoughts on Nonviolent Communication and Social Change . " Co @-@ intelligence Institute .
Simons , G. ( 2003 ) " Review of Nonviolent Communication " <unk> Europa Newsletter , November .
Anders <unk> as Bryant M. Harding ( Richard Harding in Fretz 's review )
Gladys Fairbanks as Mrs. Bowers
The film is believed to be lost .
Tempers flared when I Corps headquarters was ordered to evacuate to Egypt . Blamey 's aide recalled :
For his part in the campaign in Greece , Rowell was mentioned in despatches a second time .
Rowell took it very badly . He wrote to Major General Cyril Clowes at Milne Bay :
He charged me with having failed to safeguard his interests and he felt he was being made to eat dirt . All my persuasion could not make him see matters realistically .
On second evening I asked General Burston as an old friend of Rowell to endeavour to induce a proper frame of mind but Burston met with no success .
Instead of setting out full information here for me I have to search out details and feel a definite atmosphere of obstruction .
Urge that Herring be sent immediately by air as successor to Rowell . If Herring not approved , Mackay second choice but Herring much younger , this important in this climate .
In March 2016 , editors from Polygon and SB Nation launched a new Vox Media venture , The Rift Herald , which covers League of Legends esports .
Passengers then disembark the train , walk down a ramp past the front of the Hogwarts Express and follow a path leading to Hogsmeade .
See the 509th Operations Group for additional group history and lineage .
a practice mission on 29 July to Iwo Jima in which an inert Little Boy was unloaded and then reloaded to rehearse the contingency plan for using a back @-@ up bomber in an emergency .
In the Mariana Islands , three ships under the command of Rear Admiral J. S. <unk> Jr. sank ; however , the crew had been evacuated prior to the storm 's arrival .
Due to the severity of damage caused by the typhoon in Guam , the name Karen was retired and replaced with Kim .
This system developed across the tropical Atlantic ocean on August 18 , moving westward through the Windward islands into the eastern Caribbean Sea before dissipating on August 21 .
Floyd turned to the northeast , and passed just southeast of Bermuda as a weakening hurricane . As a tropical storm , Floyd moved east across the Atlantic until losing its identity on September 12 .
No damages are associated with Floyd . Although Bermuda was directly affected , the island experienced the weaker half of the storm .
The storm weakened and became extratropical in early October . The remaining extratropical storm moved over France on October 3 .
Hurricane Katrina is reported to have killed two and caused widespread flood damage in Cuba 's Camagüey province . Katrina was the only named storm responsible for fatalities in 1981 .
Hanigan currently resides in Lexington , Kentucky , where he also breeds horses . His Australian shepherd won a Best in Breed award at the 2014 Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show .
The name was not retired , although due to the low activity in the central Pacific Ocean , the name will not be used for several years .
The Crime Writers ' Association short @-@ listed The Liquidator , The Dancing Dodo , The Nostradamus Traitor , and The Garden of Weapons for their annual Gold Dagger award .
Gardner died on Friday 3 August 2007 from suspected heart failure . He collapsed while shopping in Basingstoke ; he was later rushed to hospital , where he died .
The Airline Pirates ( 1970 ) - published in the U.S. as Air Apparent
Two Boysie Oakes short stories appear in The Assassination File ( A Handful of Rice , Corkscrew ) .
Two Boysie Oakes short stories appear in Hideaway ( Boysie Oakes and The Explosive Device , Sunset At <unk> ) .
A Complete State of Death ( 1969 ) - reissued in the U.S. as The Stone Killer
Herbie Kruger also appears in The Secret Houses and The Secret Families .
No Deals , Mr. Bond ( 1987 )
Cold ( 1996 ) – published in the U.S. as Cold Fall
Golgotha ( 1980 ) - published in the U.S. as The Last Trump
Hideaway ( 1968 ) ( Contains two Boysie Oakes stories . )
The Assassination File ( 1974 ) ( Contains two Boysie Oakes stories . )
All songs are traditional compositions , excepted where noted , and were arranged by Archie Shepp .
Credits are adapted from the album 's liner notes .
Credits adapted from the liner notes of The Sweet Escape .
Welsh food can be better traced though the history of its foodstuffs than through the dishes themselves .
He recently relocated and lives in Palm Coast Florida , where he has been an outstanding infielder and intimidating hitter in the Flagler ( County ) Senior Softball League .
Sovereign Grand Master of the Order of the Royal Hawk ( 1828 ) .
Lotus became known as Caterham , reflecting team principal Tony Fernandes 's purchase of Caterham Cars .
Renault changed its constructor name to Lotus after Lotus Cars expanded its title sponsorship program to include teams in Formula One and support series GP2 and GP3 .
Virgin became Marussia , following increased ownership of the team by Russian sports car manufacturer Marussia Motors .
The German Grand Prix returned to Hockenheim after the 2011 German Grand Prix was held at the Nürburgring , in line with the event 's policy of alternating between venues .
Any driver in the pit lane when a race is suspended was permitted to return to the circuit and take up the position on the grid that they were running in at the time of the suspension .
The decision to hold the race despite the ongoing protests made it one of the most controversial Grands Prix in the sport 's sixty @-@ year history .
With Alonso retiring and Vettel taking a full twenty @-@ five points for victory , the championship fight became as close as it had been all season long .
Points were awarded to the top 10 classified finishers .
Official FIA results for the Constructors ' Championship identified the constructors as " Red Bull Racing " , " Scuderia Ferrari " , " Vodafone McLaren Mercedes " , etc .
A Wal @-@ Mart exclusive DVD titled " Fan Pack " was released on November 9 , 2004 a week before the release of Destiny Fulfilled . It was available at Wal @-@ Mart only for a limited time .
Credits are adapted from the liner notes of Destiny Fulfilled .
After the conquest of the Pacific plain , the inhabitants paid tribute to the Spanish in the form of valuable products such as cacao , cotton , salt and vanilla , with an emphasis on cacao .
The rows in the following table correspond to the jerseys awarded after that stage was run .
Cleeve Abbey is a medieval monastery located near the village of Washford , in Somerset , England . It is a Grade I listed building and has been scheduled as an ancient monument .
The remains of the buildings have been designated by English Heritage as a grade I listed building , and it is listed as a Scheduled monument .
The castle scenes in the children 's musical @-@ comedy television series Maid Marian and her Merry Men were filmed in Cleeve Abbey .
The entire highway is in Superior Township , Chippewa County .
In 1855 the island was officially designated as part of New South Wales by the Constitution Act .
Lord Howe Island has a subtropical climate . Under the Köppen climate classification , Lord Howe Island has a Humid subtropical climate ( Cfa ) .
There are no snakes , no venomous or stinging insects , animals or plants , and no dangerous daytime sharks off the beaches .
Virus , a 1999 sci @-@ fi horror film : the titular computer virus sets a course for Lord Howe Island to seize a British intelligence facility from which it can control the world 's military .
The NBA D @-@ League Coach of the Year award is named after Johnson .
Across the entire width of the background , a darkening sky and oncoming storm clouds presage the destruction that the dancers are unwittingly about to bring upon themselves .
In 2016 , American gospel singer Yolanda Adams covered the song for the US version of the musical The Passion .
The instrumental for " When Love Takes Over " was recorded in 2008 at Gum Prod Studios , Paris .
The vocals were added in 2009 and the final version was mixed as Super Sonic Scale Studios .
The planet 's initial discovery by Kepler was verified by additional observations made at observatories in Hawaii , Texas , Arizona , California , and the Canary Islands .
Ernie C. – lead , rhythm and acoustic guitars
A tenor recitative , " Es mag mir Leib und Geist <unk> " ( My body and spirit might despair ) , expresses trust in Jesus to overcome despair .
The closing chorale , " <unk> mein Herz im Glauben rein " ( If my heart remains pure in faith ) , is a four @-@ part setting . The choral melody , now in the soprano , is reinforced by a horn .
The selection is taken from the listing on the Bach @-@ Cantatas website .
There are eight tunnels between Tonbridge and Hastings . In order from north to south they are :
Electrification was finally carried out in the 1980s , as detailed below .
A number of accidents have occurred on the Hastings Line , none of which have involved the death of a passenger .
On 4 October 1852 , a passenger train was derailed between Ticehurst Road and Etchingham when the formation was flooded and washed away . Both engine crew members were injured .
Prior to the live broadcast of the pay @-@ per @-@ view , Christian defeated Ezekiel Jackson in a singles match by pinfall .
The Isle of Portland has been designated by Natural England as National Character Area 137 . It is adjoined by the Weymouth Lowlands to the north .
There is a short airstrip and heliport in Osprey Quay , just north of Fortuneswell .
Bunnies : ( see above ) .
Portland screw : fossil mollusc ( <unk> <unk> ) with a long screw @-@ like shell or its cast .
Lead singer of rock band Art Brut , Eddie Argos .
Former Premier League referee Paul Durkin .
McAllister won his first major honour in 2011 , helping Crawley Town win the Conference Premier for the first time in their history .
On signing for Luton Town manager Gary Brabin described McAllister as " adaptable in any role ... he works hard , he 's strong and he chips in with his fair share of goals . "
Smithfield is a locality in the ward of Farringdon Without situated at the City of London 's northwest in central London , England . The principal street of the area is West Smithfield .
In 1855 , however , Bartholomew Fair was closed down by the City authorities after degenerating into a magnet for debauchery and public disorder .
Number 1 , West Smithfield is Head Office of the Churches Conservation Trust .
The Sunda slow loris is sympatric ( shares its range ) with the Bengal slow loris in Thailand and hybridisation has occurred .
The area around Pichilemu was very densely populated , especially in Cáhuil , where there are salt deposits that were exploited by natives . Pichilemu has had censuses taken since the 17th century .
The city is home to five other National Monuments : Ross Park , Ross Casino , El Árbol Tunnel , the wooden railway station , Estación Pichilemu , and Caballo de Agua .
The Amber Room is also the central plot device in Steve Berry 's first novel The Amber Room ( 2003 ) .
In <unk> , near Berlin , there is a miniature Amber Room , fabricated after the original . The Berlin miniature collector Ulla <unk> had this copy made of original East Prussian amber .
The formation of lipids into <unk> membranes represents a key step in models of abiogenesis , the origin of life .
Defrance 's name is engraved on the east side of the Arc de Triomphe .
George O. Manchester <unk> _ _
Humans have always tended to build communities either around sources of salt , or where they can trade for it .
Salt is essential to the health of humans and animals , and is one of the five basic taste sensations .
Pickling salt is ultrafine to speed dissolving to make brine . Gourmet salts may be used for specific tastes .
Food grade salt accounts for only a small part of salt production in industrialized countries ( 7 % in Europe ) , although worldwide , food uses account for 17 @.@ 5 % of total production .
Dr. David Barnard – Chair , Association of Universities and Colleges of Canada
Dr. Graham Bell FRSC – President , Royal Society of Canada
George T.H. Cooper CM QC
Monique F. Leroux CM OQ
W. Brett Wilson CM SOM
The following table lists the major junctions along Highway 403 , as noted by the Ministry of Transportation of Ontario .
During " Snow Day " , the citizens of Springfield sing " Winter Wonderland " .
The scene where everyone in Springfield gathers around the town circle , holds hands and begins singing is a reference to How the Grinch Stole Christmas ! .
Infamous Second Son sold over one million copies nine days after its launch .
The Central Pacific used names and numbers from the Western Pacific 's typhoon list . No systems formed in the area , and thus no names were required .
According to Ananda , the text was likely composed between the 13th and 16th centuries .
The state of Samadhi , it explains , is akin to salt dissolving in water , and the quality of oneness that results .
The concept and characteristics of Jivanmukta in Varaha Upanishad is similar , states <unk> , but other Upanishads develop these ideas further and in greater depth .
Much is still unknown about the radius of maximum wind in tropical cyclones , including whether or not it can be predictable .
The monster was first referred to in the viral marketing campaign for the 2008 film including a recording of its roar , foreign news clips about a monster attack and sonar images .
The monster is parodied in the South Park season 12 episode " Pandemic 2 : The Startling " . The episode is a parody of the Cloverfield , with the monster replaced by giant guinea pigs .
An episode of Mad parodies the movie with stars from The Disney Channel and Nickelodeon in New York being attacked by Clifford the Big Red Dog .
In August 2015 , it was discovered that Knut died of Anti @-@ NMDA receptor encephalitis . This was the first case discovered in non human animals .
In 1915 , Jack Judge recorded Michael O 'Leary , V.C. , a song about O 'Leary 's role in the war effort .
Lyrics , music , production , instruments , recording , engineering , vocals – will.i.am
A delicate rose color in Navajo rugs comes from fermented prickly pear cactus fruit , Opuntia <unk> . Navajo weavers also use rainwater and red dirt to create salmon @-@ pink dyes .
Dyes that create reds and yellows can also yield oranges . Navajo dyers create orange dyes from one @-@ seeded juniper , Juniperus <unk> , Navajo tea , <unk> gracile , or alder bark .
In Central and South America , the important blue dyes were <unk> ( Indigofera <unk> ) and Natal indigo ( Indigofera <unk> ) .
The Broncos made the playoffs , but lost 38 – 35 in double overtime to Baltimore , who went on to win Super Bowl XLVII that season .
Highest completion percentage ( career ) : 62 @.@ 49 %
Lowest interception percentage ( career ) : 2 @.@ 39 %
One of only four <unk> to post a perfect 158 @.@ 3 passer rating in a game ( Don Meredith , Terry Bradshaw , Dave Krieg )
Highest completion percentage ( career ) : 66 @.@ 5 %
Highest average passing yards per game ( career ) : 295 @.@ 0
Highest passer rating ( career ) : 101 @.@ 7
He has won the Favorite Male Athlete award for the Kids Choice Awards .
in 2016 Taylor started to host " A Series of <unk> " , a <unk> <unk> on Beats 1 .
Taylor is confirmed to be a guest vocalist in Korn 's upcoming album .
The series includes many additional volumes of interest to specialists in specific subdisciplines of botany , in addition to the ones listed above .
The locks on the Bow Back Rivers are not built to a single standard , and sizes vary .
The first interracial kiss on American network television is often attributed to a 1968 episode of Star Trek , " Plato 's Stepchildren " .
If we want to be the owner of our country , then we should turn even the name of the smallest village into Turkish and not leave its Armenian , Greek or Arabic variants .
Only in this way can we paint our country with its colors .
Sevan Nişanyan estimates that 3 @,@ 600 Armenian geographical locations have been changed .
After the Assyrian genocide , the Assyrians of the region were either depopulated or massacred . Currently , there are 5 , 000 Assyrians living in the region .
Nişanyan estimates that 400 Assyrian geographical locations have been changed .
Many of the Greek names have maintained their origins from the Byzantine empire and Empire of Trebizond era .
Nişanyan estimates that 4 @,@ 200 Greek geographical locations have been changed , the most of any ethnic minority .
Solar thermal technologies can be used for water heating , space heating , space cooling and process heat generation .
Some vehicles use solar panels for auxiliary power , such as for air conditioning , to keep the interior cool , thus reducing fuel consumption .
We have proved ... that after our stores of oil and coal are exhausted the human race can receive unlimited power from the rays of the sun .
Virginia Tech receiver Cornelius White fractured his patella while playing pick @-@ up basketball .
The series has also spawned Australian and British versions under the same title . The British series , hosted by Gok Wan , aired on Channel 4 in 2012 .
The transformer winding voltage ratio is thus shown to be directly proportional to the winding turns ratio according to eq . ( 3 ) .
the secondary circuit load impedance can be expressed as eq . ( 6 )
the apparent load impedance referred to the primary circuit is derived in eq . ( 7 ) to be equal to the turns ratio squared times the secondary circuit load impedance .
The ideal transformer model neglects the following basic linear aspects in real transformers .
Eddy current losses due to joule heating in the core that are proportional to the square of the transformer 's applied voltage .
Leakage flux that escapes from the core and passes through one winding only resulting in primary and secondary reactive impedance .
Air gaps are also used to keep a transformer from saturating , especially audio @-@ frequency transformers in circuits that have a DC component flowing in the windings .
Referring to the diagram , a practical transformer 's physical behavior may be represented by an equivalent circuit model , which can incorporate an ideal transformer .
Secondary winding : RS , XS .
RC and XM are collectively termed the magnetizing branch of the model .
Large power transformers are vulnerable to insulation failure due to transient voltages with high @-@ frequency components , such as caused in switching or by lightning .
Current flowing through a winding 's conductor causes joule heating . As frequency increases , skin effect and proximity effect causes the winding 's resistance and , hence , losses to increase .
Each time the magnetic field is reversed , a small amount of energy is lost due to hysteresis within the core . According to Steinmetz 's formula , the heat energy due to hysteresis is given by
Some transformers , instead of being liquid @-@ filled , have their windings enclosed in sealed , pressurized tanks and cooled by nitrogen or sulfur hexafluoride gas .
Power capacity : From a fraction of a volt @-@ ampere ( VA ) to over a thousand MVA .
Duty of a transformer : Continuous , short @-@ time , intermittent , periodic , varying .
Frequency range : Power @-@ frequency , audio @-@ frequency , or radio @-@ frequency .
Voltage class : From a few volts to hundreds of kilovolts .
Cooling type : Dry and liquid @-@ immersed – self @-@ cooled , forced air @-@ cooled ; liquid @-@ immersed – forced oil @-@ cooled , water @-@ cooled .
Circuit application : Such as power supply , impedance matching , output voltage and current stabilizer or circuit isolation .
Utilization : Pulse , power , distribution , rectifier , arc furnace , amplifier output , etc ..
Basic magnetic form : Core form , shell form .
Constant @-@ potential transformer descriptor : Step @-@ up , step @-@ down , isolation .
Capacitor voltage transformer : Transformer in which capacitor divider is used to reduce high voltage before application to the primary winding .
Phase angle regulating transformer : A specialised transformer used to control the flow of real power on three @-@ phase electricity transmission networks .
Scott @-@ T transformer : Transformer used for phase transformation from three @-@ phase to two @-@ phase and vice versa .
Leakage transformer : Transformer that has loosely coupled windings .
Resonant transformer : Transformer that uses resonance to generate a high secondary voltage .
Audio transformer : Transformer used in audio equipment .
Output transformer : Transformer used to match the output of a valve amplifier to its load .
Instrument transformer : Potential or current transformer used to accurately and safely represent voltage , current or phase position of high voltage or high power circuits .
where <formula> is the magnitude of the EMF in Volts and <unk> is the magnetic flux through the circuit in <unk> .
By the 1870s , efficient generators producing alternating current ( AC ) were available , and it was found AC could power an induction coil directly , without an interrupter .
In 1889 , Russian @-@ born engineer Mikhail <unk> @-@ <unk> developed the first three @-@ phase transformer at the Allgemeine <unk> @-@ Gesellschaft ( ' General Electricity Company ' ) in Germany .
In 1891 , Nikola Tesla invented the Tesla coil , an air @-@ cored , dual @-@ tuned resonant transformer for producing very high voltages at high frequency .
In early 2011 , Hanneman contracted necrotizing fasciitis . Reports linked this illness with a spider bite he claimed to have received while in a friend 's hot tub .
While Carson led the way theoretically , Zobel was involved in the design of filters for the purpose of noise reduction on transmission systems .
The result is a patented invention .
The result is equal to or better than a result that was considered an achievement in its field at the time of discovery .
The Tampa Bay Lightning use the song as their entrance music .
The entire route is in Morgan Township , Morgan County .
This is a list of chairmen , deputy chairmen and managers / secretaries of SK Ull .
Weather maps primarily use the station model to show surface weather conditions , but the model can also show the weather aloft as reported by a weather balloon 's radiosonde or a pilot 's report .
The station model uses a wind barb to show both wind direction and speed . The wind barb shows the speed using " flags " on the end .
The following family tree presents Béla 's ancestry , his offspring , and some of his relatives mentioned in the article .
main ( i.e. lower ) counterweight .
When B. Munuswamy Naidu became the Chief Minister of Madras Presidency in 1930 , he endorsed the inclusion of Brahmins in the Justice Party , saying :
This <unk> continued until 1932 when Munuswamy Naidu stepped down as the Chief Minister of Madras and the Raja of Bobbili became the chief minister .
Aaron and Abe require palladium to build their machine . This is the reason they take the catalytic converter containing a small amount of palladium from a car .
After shooting , Carruth took two years to fully post @-@ produce Primer . He has since said that this experience was so arduous that he almost abandoned the film on several occasions .
The entire film score was created by Carruth . On October 8 , 2004 , the Primer score was released on Amazon and iTunes .
Ultimately , Klosterman says , the lesson of Primer regarding time travel is that " it 's too important to use only for money , but too dangerous to use for anything else " .
The film has been selected to be part of The A.V. Club 's New Cult Canon .
Science fiction author Greg Egan described it as " an ingenious , tautly constructed time @-@ travel story " .
Grand Jury Prize , Sundance Film Festival in 2004 .
Alfred P. Sloan Prize for films dealing with science and technology , the 2004 Sundance Film Festival .
Best Writer / Director ( Shane Carruth ) at the Nantucket Film Festival in 2004 .
Best Feature at the London International Festival of Science Fiction in 2005 .
Where G is Newton 's gravitational constant . G and m can be eliminated by taking the ratio of F to W :
In the end , it was the ordinary South Vietnamese soldiers and their families who paid the ultimate price , as North Vietnamese artillery decimated the South Vietnamese military convoy on Route 7 .
On 3 February 2014 , his longtime girlfriend , Chloé de Launay , gave birth to his daughter , <unk> .
Reviewer Stephen Thomas Erlewine says lyrics to the Smiths single " Hand in Glove " contain " veiled references to homosexuality " .
Both songs written by Morrissey and Johnny Marr .
U.S. / EU Vinyl CD Single / Digital Download
The species is edible , but " <unk> and flavorless . " Other authors concur that the odor and taste are not distinctive .
Recorded at Rocket Carousel Studios in Los Angeles , California .
Mixed at MixStar Studios in Virginia Beach , Virginia .
Credits adapted from the liner notes of Prism , Capitol Records .
In August 2008 , Des McAnuff announced that Sorkin had been commissioned by the Stratford Shakespeare Festival to write an adaptation of Chekhov 's The Cherry Orchard .
In February 2016 , it was revealed that Sorkin will be adapting To Kill a Mockingbird for the stage , where he will be working alongside Bartlett Sher .
Aaron Sorkin and Rob Reiner ( 2001 ) . From Stage to Screen with Aaron Sorkin and Rob Reiner , A Few Good Men ( Special Edition DVD ) ( Documentary ) .
The entire route is in New Castle County .
For a time Compton was a deacon at a Baptist church . " Science can have no quarrel " , he said , " with a religion which postulates a God to whom men are as His children . "
Height : 7 ft 6 in ( 2 @.@ 29 m )
As a result of his contributions , Francois Valle was called the " Defender of St. Louis " [ see http : / / <unk> / <unk> / <unk> ] .
For the artist , see Gheorghe <unk> .
The issue remained debated for the following two years . The party congress of July 1936 eventually elected Tătărescu to the second position in the party , that of general secretary .
When Mount left the Senate in 2012 , she was succeeded by a Republican , former State Representative Ronnie Johns of Sulphur , who ran unopposed for the open seat .
Mount was unopposed for a second term as mayor .
U.S. Representative , 7th Congressional District , 2004
C. argyrosperma ( synonym C. mixta ) – <unk> pumpkin ; origin : Panama , Mexico
C. <unk> , origin : Pacific coast of western Mexico
C. palmeri , origin : Pacific coast of northwestern Mexico
C. sororia , origin : Pacific coast Mexico to Nicaragua , northeastern Mexico
C. digitata – <unk> gourd ; origin : southwestern United States ( USA ) , northwestern Mexico
C. <unk> , origin : Ecuador 's Pacific coast
C. ficifolia – <unk> gourd , <unk> ; origin : Mexico , Panama , northern Chile and Argentina
C. foetidissima – stinking gourd , buffalo gourd ; origin : Mexico
C. <unk> , likely a natural hybrid of C. foetidissima and C. pedatifolia
C. <unk> is little known ; origin : Oaxaca , Mexico
C. <unk> , origin : Mexico , Guatemala , Belize
C. maxima – winter squash , pumpkin ; origin : Argentina , Bolivia , Ecuador
C. <unk> , origin – Argentina
C. moschata – butternut squash , ' Dickinson ' pumpkin , golden <unk> ; origin : Bolivia , Colombia , Ecuador , Mexico , Panama , Puerto Rico , Venezuela
C. <unk> , origin : Florida
C. <unk> , origin : Mexican Gulf Coast and foothills
C. pedatifolia , origin : Querétaro , Mexico
C. pepo – field pumpkin , summer squash , zucchini , vegetable marrow , courgette , acorn squash ; origin : Mexico , USA
C. fraterna , origin : Tamaulipas and Nuevo León , Mexico
C. texana , origin : Texas , USA
C. radicans – <unk> , <unk> de coyote ; origin : Central Mexico
C. digitata , C. palmata , C. californica , C. <unk> , C. cordata
C. <unk> , C. <unk> , C. <unk>
C. sororia , C. gracilior , C. palmeri ; C. argyrosperma ( reported as C. mixta ) was considered close to the three previous species
The fruit pulp of some species , such as C. foetidissima , can be used as a soap or detergent .
In China , C. moschata seeds were also used in traditional Chinese medicine for the treatment of the parasitic disease schistosomiasis and for the expulsion of tape worms .
In Mexico , herbalists use C. ficifolia in the belief that it reduces blood sugar levels .
to find z > 8 galaxies stretched out enough by cluster lensing to discern internal structure and / or magnified enough by cluster lensing for spectroscopic follow @-@ up .
Several initiatives have helped to keep the public informed about Hubble activities .
There is a replica of the Hubble Space Telescope on the courthouse lawn in Marshfield , Missouri , the hometown of namesake Edwin P. Hubble .
The diet of the juveniles is varied , but comprises mostly amphipods and isopods , together with coralline algae and the plant <unk> . When available , the juveniles prefer to eat crabs .
Open season for California spiny lobster runs from the Saturday before the first Wednesday in October until the first Wednesday after March 15 .
Lobster fishers may not land more than seven California spiny lobsters on any given day , and may not have more than seven in their possession at any time .
To fish for spiny lobster south of Point Arguello , a sport fishing license with ocean enhancement stamp must be displayed or kept nearby .
A report card for the season must be bought , filled in and returned before April 30 after the season ends .
Commercial and recreational traps must not be interfered with .
All songs written and composed by Linkin Park , except " A Place for My Head " Linkin Park , Wakefield , Farrell .
An en @-@ dash ( – ) denotes countries in which the singles were not released or did not chart .
The Eurasian wryneck was first described by Carl Linnaeus in the tenth edition of his Systema Naturae in 1758 . The type species came from Sweden .
Jynx torquilla tschusii O. Kleinschmidt , 1907
Gilbert wrote and directed a number of plays at school , but his first professionally produced play was Uncle Baby , which ran for seven weeks in the autumn of 1863 .
In Delaware , the exits are not numbered .
It was honored with a 2002 Metal Edge Readers ' Choice Award for DVD / Home Video of the Year .
Aside from their real names , members of the band are referred to by numbers zero through eight .
Source : Rolltide.com : 1892 Alabama football schedule
The most recent versions of the game 's rules are detailed in three core rulebooks : The Player 's Handbook , the Dungeon Master 's Guide and the Monster Manual .
Dungeons & Dragons has gone through several revisions . Parallel versions and inconsistent naming practices can make it difficult to distinguish between the different editions .
In the 1980s , the rules for Advanced Dungeons & Dragons and " basic " Dungeons & Dragons remained separate , each developing along different paths .
Director Jon Favreau credits Dungeons & Dragons with giving him " ... a really strong background in imagination , storytelling , understanding how to create tone and a sense of balance . "
The Forest Princess by Charlotte B. Conner ( 1848 )
Pocahontas by Edwin O. Ropp ( 1906 )
All lyrics written by Eddie Vedder , except where noted .
In June 2016 , Apollo Global Management made a successful offer to purchase Diamond Resorts International .
Other investments include Connections Academy and Unity Media <unk> .
From its inception , Apollo built as part of a network of affiliated businesses focusing on private equity and a variety of distressed investment strategies .
The back of the pamphlet listed nine men identified as " toadies " . Besides Duggan , they were
S. W. Field , lawyer and president of the People 's League
H. H. Parlee , lawyer and president of the Liberals ' Edmonton constituency association
H. R. Milner , lawyer and president of the Conservatives ' Edmonton constituency association
G. D. Hunt , investment broker
L. Y. Cairns , lawyer , member of the Conservatives ' provincial executive
G. W. Auxier , lawyer and secretary of the People 's League
Below this list of names were the words " Exterminate Them . And to prevent all Evasion , Demand the Result You Want — $ 25 @.@ 00 a <unk> and a lower cost to live . "
Not to be confused with the bluespotted stingray , Neotrygon kuhlii .
Leo W. Jenkins Cancer Center
The canal now forms an integral part of the Cheshire Ring network of canals . Pleasure craft have been allowed on the canal since 1952 .
Sleaford Spiritualist Church opened in about 1956 on Westgate .
Richard Banister , the oculist , practised for 14 years in Sleaford where he trained in couching cataracts . Henry Andrews astronomer and astrologer , worked in Sleaford during his youth .
Princess Hitachi is a present @-@ day descendant of the main Tsugaru line .
Np ( VII ) is dark green in a strongly basic solution . Though its chemical formula in basic solution is frequently cited as NpO3 −
Finely divided neptunium metal presents a fire hazard because neptunium is pyrophoric ; small grains will ignite spontaneously in air at room temperature .
Strom conceded defeat in Edmonton and returned home to Medicine Hat .
Ruth Strom , his wife died in 2011 .
A1 . " Wind It Up " ( Main Mix ) – 3 : 11
A2 . " Wind It Up " ( Original Neptunes Mix ) – 3 : 08
B1 . " Wind It Up " ( Instrumental Main Mix ) – 3 : 11
B2 . " Wind It Up " ( Instrumental Neptunes Mix ) – 3 : 10
Credits adapted from the liner notes of The Sweet Escape .
The entire highway is in Okanogan County .
While he was working as a software engineer in Silicon Valley , California , he pursued filmmaking and graduated with a Master of Fine Arts degree from Columbia University .
Domalpalli used " <unk> <unk> " in the film ; folk songs that are rarely heard . To record these songs for the film , Domalpalli and his crew traveled to towns and villages in rural Andhra .
Ed spans a range of Brown 's interests , from political skepticism to scatological humour to vampires and werewolves . The story is dark and surreal , desperate and humorous .
D. Aviva Rothschild likened the story to " staring at six @-@ day @-@ old roadkill " . Brown 's father was too offended to keep reading after the fifth minicomic issue , " Ed and the Beanstalk " .
In 2014 , <unk> Books published Ed Vs . Yummy Fur Brian Evenson . The book details the differences between the various versions of the Ed narrative .
Five orders make up the lilioid monocots .
Petrosaviales Takht . ( 1997 )
Dioscoreales R.Br. ( 1835 )
Pandanales R.Br. ex <unk> . & <unk> ( 1820 )
Harlan also dissented from this ground for reversal , arguing that Burton was not substantially prejudiced .
Burton next argued that the evidence was insufficient to support his conviction . Reviewing the evidence , the Court rejected this argument .
Justice McKenna disagreed with this holding . Thus , he concurred only in the affirmance of the charges alleging receipt , not the charges alleging agreement .
Burton served five months of his six @-@ month sentence in the Iron County Jail in Ironton , Missouri . In March 1907 , he returned to Abilene .
Credits for " ( I 've Just Begun ) Having My Fun " are taken from Greatest Hits : My Prerogative 's liner notes .
The final section to Bramwith is known as the River Dun Navigation .
This section provides details of some of the many bridges crossing the Don Navigation , in west @-@ to @-@ east order , starting from Tinsley .
This carries the Centenary Way dual carriageway over the navigation .
The Greasbrough Road is no longer a main road and only serves local businesses . Downstream of this bridge are 3 pipe bridges .
This provides access to the two steelworks from the <unk> road at Dalton .
This is bridge number 48 and connects the main road in Swinton ( <unk> Bridge Street and <unk> Lane ) with an industrial estate whose principal unit is the Morphy Richards distribution centre .
This is bridge number 52 and carries the access road to Mexborough railway station from the <unk> Greens Way ( and the town centre ) .
Built in 1849 as part of the South Yorkshire Railway , which later became part of the Great Central Railway , the Rainbow bridge is still in use and carries the Swinton to Doncaster railway line .
Two bridges situated side @-@ by side , one made of concrete and the other a wooden bridge , cross one of the two weir channels where the river leaves the navigation before Doncaster Town Lock .
This bridge provides access across the navigation from the centre of Doncaster to the small businesses and car parks on the " island " between the river and navigation .
In the reserve race , Oxford 's Isis beat Cambridge 's Goldie by nine @-@ and @-@ a @-@ half lengths . Cambridge won the 30th Women 's Boat Race .
There were 46 events contested in 6 sports ( 10 disciplines ) .
McDaniel died of a heart attack in Ithaca , New York at the age 84 .
Sovereign Grand Master of the Order of Ranavalona ( 1896 ) .
Sharifi would later go on to conduct the Octavarium Orchestra on Dream Theater 's Score album .
All music composed by Dream Theater .
Peniophora <unk> is similar in appearance to P. quercina . However , the edges of the fruit body are highlighted in a dark black , and the species favours ash , as opposed to oak .
Production of Temperatures Rising was underway by August 1972 with filming done at the Burbank Studios in Burbank , California .
When John Mitchell and Barry Diller noticed that The New Temperatures Rising Show was failing they contacted William Asher and asked him to salvage the series . According to Asher :
As to why the series was not cancelled , Asher remarked , " I can answer that in two words : Paul Lynde . "
The entire route was in Red House , Cattaraugus County .
The entire highway is in Leelanau County .
Snorri Sturluson 's Prose Edda quotes heavily from Völuspá and elaborates extensively in prose on the information there , though some of this information conflicts with that provided in Völuspá .
Various objects have been identified as depicting events from Ragnarök .
Jansson ( 1987 ) notes that at the time of the inscription , everyone who read the lines would have thought of Ragnarök and the allusion that the father found fitting as an expression of his grief .
The towpath under the bridge on the southern bank now forms part of the Thames Path . As at 2009 the northernmost arch was used by the Tideway Scullers sculling club as storage space .
to flush the chips from the teeth .
The slab broach is the simplest surface broach . It is a general purpose tool for cutting flat surfaces .
Contour broaches are designed to cut concave , convex , cam , contoured , and irregular shaped surfaces .
A common type of internal broach is the keyway broach ( C & D ) . It uses a special fixture called a horn to support the broach and properly locate the part with relation to the broach .
A concentricity broach is a special type of spline cutting broach which cuts both the minor diameter and the spline form to ensure precise concentricity .
For defining the geometry of a broach an internal type is shown below . Note that the geometries of other broaches are similar .
Ideally the tool advances at the same rate that it cuts . The ideal rate of cut is defined as :
In general , a rotary broach will not cut as accurately as a push or pull broach . However , the ability to use this type of cutting tool on common machine tools is highly advantageous .
In the early 1950s an anthology titled Brief Fantastic Tales appeared from Studio Publications in Toronto ; it consisted mostly of reprints from Uncanny Tales .
War Office , 8th June , 1917 .
Capt. James Ernest Newlands , [ sic ] Inf . Bn . , Aus . Imp . Force .
For most conspicuous bravery and devotion to duty , in the face of heavy odds , on three separate occasions .
On a subsequent occasion , when the company on his left was overpowered and his own company attacked from the rear , he drove off a combined attack which had developed from these directions .
These attacks were renewed three or four times , and it was Capt. Newland 's tenacity and disregard for his own safety that encouraged the men to hold out .
The stand made by this officer was of the greatest importance , and produced far @-@ reaching results .
The mileposts north of Gila Bend reflect the mileage of old US 80 in proximity to the California state line .
Rare vintage footage of the 1924 Gold Medal match was included in the rugby documentary , A Giant Awakens : the Rise of American Rugby . 6 + +
Only players who participated in at least one match are counted .
Jean <unk> , France and track events .
Eric Liddell , Scotland and track events .
Heather Moyse , Canada and gold in Olympic bobsleigh .
Noel Purcell , Ireland and gold in Olympic water polo – the first Olympic internationalist to represent two countries , Great Britain and the Irish Free State .
Jacques Rogge , Belgium international and former IOC president .
Constantin Henriquez , Haitian rugby player who won gold for France .
Danny Crates , who has carried the torch twice at the Olympics , and is a notable Paralympian , also plays competitive rugby .
Kevin O 'Flanagan , Ireland international . Represented Ireland on the International Olympic Committee
Per New York State law , Clinton and Lazio totals include their minor party line votes : Liberal Party of New York and Working Families Party for Clinton , Conservative Party for Lazio .
In the reserve race , Isis beat Goldie by four @-@ and @-@ a @-@ half lengths , and in the Women 's Boat Race , Oxford were victorious .
In the reserve race , Isis beat Goldie by five lengths , their second consecutive victory . In the 36th running of the Women 's Boat Race , Oxford triumphed , their second consecutive victory .
Du Pont Auditorium of Canada : The philosophy and scientific content of theme exhibits were presented and emphasized in this 372 seat hall .
Man the Creator : The Gallery of Fine Arts ; Contemporary Sculpture ; Industrial Design ; Photography .
Man the Producer : Resources for Man ; Man in Control ; Progress .
In conjunction with the opening of Expo 67 , the Canadian Post Office Department issued a 5 ¢ stamp commemorating the fair , designed by Harvey Thomas Prosser .
In addition , The Ed Sullivan Show was broadcast live on May 7 and May 21 from Expo 67 . Stars on the shows included America 's The Supremes , Britain 's Petula Clark and Australia 's The Seekers .
Another attraction was the Canadian Armed Forces Tattoo 1967 at the <unk> in Montreal .
Countries conspicuously absent were Spain , South Africa , the People 's Republic of China , and many South American countries .
Sea Harrier F ( A ) .2
One BAe Sea Harrier FRS 51 ( IN @-@ 621 ) preserved at the Naval Aviation Museum ( India ) in Goa , India .
Four Sea Harriers <unk> , <unk> and <unk> are stored at RNAS Culdrose , as of 2012 .
Sea Harrier FA2 <unk> is exhibited at the Midland Air Museum , Coventry .
Two Sea Harriers , an FRS1 <unk> / 001 / N and an FA2 ( <unk> ) are also on public display at the Fleet Air Arm Museum at Yeovilton .
Sea Harrier FA2 <unk> is preserved by a private owner near Shoreham Airport .
Wingspan : 25 ft 3 in ( 7 @.@ 6 m )
Bombs : A variety of unguided iron bombs ( including 3 kg and 14 kg practice bombs ) .
The Harrier 's unique characteristics have led to it being featured a number of films and video games .
S. g. graculina is the nominate form , found from the Sydney region north to the Burdekin River in northern Queensland .
German group The Baseballs covered the song for their debut album Strike ! in 2009 .
The track was also covered by American pop punk band , The Summer Set , on their second EP , Meet Me on the Left Coast . It was released in 2008 and titled ' <unk> ' .
In 1910 , Banagher won the Offaly Senior Football Championship title , playing as Banagher .
Soccer is popular in Banagher and the Banagher United club fields teams in the Midlands Senior and Junior Leagues .
Highland Fling . London : Thornton Butterworth . 1931 . OCLC <unk> .
Christmas Pudding . London : Thornton Butterworth . 1932 . OCLC <unk> .
Wigs on the Green . London : Thornton Butterworth . 1935 . OCLC <unk> .
Pigeon Pie . London : Hamish Hamilton . 1940 . OCLC <unk> .
The Pursuit of Love . London : Hamish Hamilton . 1945 . OCLC <unk> .
Love in a Cold Climate . London : Hamish Hamilton . 1949 . OCLC <unk> .
The Blessing . London : Hamish Hamilton . 1951 . OCLC <unk> .
Don 't Tell Alfred . London : Hamish Hamilton . 1960 . OCLC <unk> .
Madame de Pompadour . London : Hamish Hamilton . 1954 . OCLC <unk> .
Voltaire in Love . London : Hamish Hamilton . 1957 . OCLC <unk> .
The Sun King . London : Hamish Hamilton . 1966 . OCLC <unk> .
The Little Hut . London : Hamish Hamilton . 1951 . OCLC <unk> . ( Play , translated and adapted from André Roussin 's La petite <unk> )
The following cladogram of the Diplodocidae after Tschopp , Mateus , and Benson ( 2015 ) instead shows A. altus outside Diplodocinae .
All tracks written by Will Sergeant , Ian McCulloch , Les Pattinson and Pete de Freitas except where noted .
The specific epithet glutinosum is derived from the Latin word gluten , meaning " glue " . The species is commonly known as the " viscid black earth tongue " or the " glutinous <unk> " .
Although black earth tongue species are generally not worth eating , Charles McIlvaine opined in his 1902 work One Thousand American Fungi that , if stewed , G. glutinosum is " delicious . "
Credits adapted from the liner notes of Body Language .
Mills was part of a series of body cast sculptures by the contemporary British sculptor , Louise Giblin in 2012 .
Credits and personnel adapted from Allmusic and album 's liner notes .
A limited 3D version was re @-@ released exclusively in select <unk> theaters in Mexico in February 2010 .
The entire route is in Rockland County .
After the album 's completion , Tweedy decided to remove Bennett from the band . The album was completed in 2001 , and Tweedy believed it to be ready for release .
Shortly after its online release , Peter Buck of R.E.M. acclaimed the album as " their best yet . "
All lyrics written by Jeff Tweedy , all music composed by Jeff Tweedy and Jay Bennett except where noted .
Credits according to liner notes .
The Capitals ' first @-@ round pick in the draft was traded to the Chicago Blackhawks in exchange for Troy Brouwer .
The Capitals ' second @-@ round pick in the draft , along with Brian Pothier and Oskar <unk> , was traded to the Carolina Hurricanes in exchange for Joe Corvo in 2010 .
The Capitals ' third @-@ round pick in the draft , along with Jake <unk> , was traded to the Florida Panthers in exchange for Dennis Wideman .
A coroner 's report released in July 2012 concluded that the children 's injuries occurred " whilst they were in the sole custody , care and control of their father " .
The bodies were released to the family on 21 June and taken to the <unk> marae for a <unk> ( funeral rites ) . They were buried at the Manukau City cemetery on 24 June .
Kahui 's lawyer has threatened to lodge a complaint with the Police Complaints Authority over Police handling of the prosecution of her client for the murder of Chris and Cru Kahui .
At the start of the show , Underwood is a Democratic Majority Whip in the House of Representatives , where he has represented South Carolina 's 5th congressional district since 1990 .
Andrew Davies , the producer of the original UK TV series , feels that Underwood lacks the " charm " of the original character , Francis Urquhart .
However , Hitfix reviewer , Alan Sepinwall was highly critical of Spacey 's performance and accused him of " hamming it up " and " phoning it in on a not very good show to begin with " .
At the 3rd Critics ' Choice Television Awards , Spacey was nominated for Best Actor in a Drama Series for his portrayal of Underwood .
The season 4 performance earned a nomination for Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series at the 68th Primetime Emmy Awards .
Was green and woody , and refresh 'd the eye .
I was constrain 'd to quit you . Was it right ,
Of Science , Freedom , and the Truth in <unk> .
where c represents the length of the hypotenuse and a and b the lengths of the triangle 's other two sides .
This theorem may have more known proofs than any other ( the law of quadratic reciprocity being another contender for that distinction ) ; the book The Pythagorean Proposition contains 370 proofs .
The first result equates the cosines of the angles θ , whereas the second result equates their sines .
The area of a triangle is half the area of any parallelogram on the same base and having the same altitude .
The area of a rectangle is equal to the product of two adjacent sides .
The area of a square is equal to the product of two of its sides ( follows from 3 ) .
Next , each top square is related to a triangle congruent with another triangle related in turn to one of two rectangles making up the lower square .
Let ACB be a right @-@ angled triangle with right angle CAB .
From A , draw a line parallel to BD and CE . It will perpendicularly intersect BC and DE at K and L , respectively .
Join CF and AD , to form the triangles BCF and BDA .
Angles CAB and <unk> are both right angles ; therefore C , A , and G are collinear . Similarly for B , A , and H.
Angles CBD and FBA are both right angles ; therefore angle ABD equals angle FBC , since both are the sum of a right angle and angle ABC .
Since AB is equal to FB and BD is equal to BC , triangle ABD must be congruent to triangle FBC .
Since C is collinear with A and G , square BAGF must be twice in area to triangle FBC .
Therefore , AB2 + AC2 = <unk> , since <unk> is a square .
The inner square is similarly halved , and there are only two triangles so the proof proceeds as above except for a factor of <formula> , which is removed by multiplying by two to give the result .
One can arrive at the Pythagorean theorem by studying how changes in a side produce a change in the hypotenuse and employing calculus .
This is more of an intuitive proof than a formal one : it can be made more rigorous if proper limits are used in place of dx and dy .
c2 , then the angle between a and b measures 90 ° .
The above proof of the converse makes use of the Pythagorean Theorem itself . The converse can also be proven without assuming the Pythagorean Theorem .
If a2 + b2 > c2 , then the triangle is acute .
If a2 + b2 < c2 , then the triangle is obtuse .
where α is the angle opposite to side a , β is the angle opposite to side b , γ is the angle opposite to side c , and sgn is the sign function .
A primitive Pythagorean triple is one in which a , b and c are coprime ( the greatest common divisor of a , b and c is 1 ) .
Note that r is defined to be a positive number or zero but x and y can be negative as well as positive . Geometrically r is the distance of the z from zero or the origin O in the complex plane .
This can be generalised to find the distance between two points , z1 and z2 say . The required distance is given by
with n a unit vector normal to both a and b . The relationship follows from these definitions and the Pythagorean trigonometric identity .
This can also be used to define the cross product . By rearranging the following equation is obtained
This can be considered as a condition on the cross product and so part of its definition , for example in seven dimensions .
C and reversing the above logic leads to the Pythagorean theorem a2 + b2 = c2 .
where θ is the angle between sides a and b .
When θ is 90 degrees ( π / 2 radians ) , then <unk> = 0 , and the formula reduces to the usual Pythagorean theorem .
As the angle θ approaches π / 2 , the base of the isosceles triangle narrows , and lengths r and s overlap less and less . When θ
c , and the original Pythagorean theorem is regained .
the required result .
The theorem remains valid if the angle <formula> is obtuse so the lengths r and s are non @-@ overlapping .
where these three sides form a right triangle . Using horizontal diagonal BD and the vertical edge AB , the length of diagonal AD then is found by a second application of Pythagoras 's theorem as :
where the inner products of the cross terms are zero , because of orthogonality .
where cosh is the hyperbolic cosine . This formula is a special form of the hyperbolic law of cosines that applies to all hyperbolic triangles :
with γ the angle at the vertex opposite the side c .
The Pythagorean theorem has arisen in popular culture in a variety of ways .
Hans Christian Andersen wrote in 1831 a poem about the Pythagorean theorem : <unk> <unk> Magie ( Et <unk> <unk> ) .
Greece , Japan , San Marino , Sierra Leone , and Suriname have issued postage stamps depicting Pythagoras and the Pythagorean theorem .
Simba was featured as a guest in the animated series House of Mouse , in which he alternates between cub and adult .
Live versions of Simba appear in the Lion King musical and in the parades and shows at the Walt Disney Parks and Resorts .
He appears as one of the main characters at Epcot 's Land Pavilion 12 @-@ minute edutainment film Circle of Life : An Environmental Fable .
The Lancashire and England Test cricketer Paul Allott was born in Altrincham .
Translated into many languages , the books have sold more than 30 million copies worldwide . Tom Swift has also been the subject of a board game and a television series .
The series features more violence than previous series ; in The Negative Zone , Tom blows up a motel room to escape the authorities .
It has been suggested that the book Tom Swift and His Electric Rifle contains heavy racism , depicting Africans as brutish , uncivilized animals , and the white protagonist as their paternal savior .
Gone with the Wind author Margaret Mitchell said she read the series as a child .
Clinton decided the nomination could not go forward , and the next day , February 5 , Wood publicly withdrew herself from consideration .
Later instances of political problems caused by the hiring of nannies that were in some way illegal have also been dubbed " Nannygate " , both in the U.S. and outside it .
It has been speculated that LARP may one day evolve into a major industry in the form of location @-@ based games using ubiquitous computing .
LARPing is parodied as <unk> ( short for Foam and Cardboard Legitimate Outdoor Role @-@ Playing ) in the Gravity Falls episode " Dungeons , Dungeons and More Dungeons " .
The video for " Friday " was later placed at number one in the NME list of " 50 Worst Music Videos " .
Credits adapted from the liner notes of Spirit , Sony BMG , J Records , Syco .
Credits are adapted from the album 's liner notes .
Ted Allen : " Food and Wine Connoisseur " , expert on alcohol , beverages , food preparation and presentation .
Kyan Douglas : " Grooming Guru " , expert on hair , grooming , personal hygiene , and makeup .
Thom Filicia : " Design Doctor " , expert on interior design and home organization .
Carson Kressley : " Fashion Savant " , expert on clothing , fashion and personal styling .
Jai Rodriguez : " Culture Vulture " , expert on popular culture , relationships and social interaction .
In Ogden Nash 's collection of poems I 'm a Stranger Here Myself ( 1938 ) there is a short poem " England Expects " .
In the United States , former Secretary of the Navy of the United States of America Gordon R. England wore a tie with the flags representing the famous quote when he visited naval vessels .
Thus , social identity theory in part reflects a desire to reestablish a more collectivist approach to social psychology of the self and social groups .
Shirley , William ( 1746 ) . Letter to the Duke of Newcastle , with a Journal of the Siege of Louisburg . London : E. Owen . OCLC <unk> .
Shirley , William ; Alexander , William ( 1758 ) . The Conduct of Major Gen. William Shirley briefly stated . London : R. and J. Dodsley . OCLC <unk> .
Shirley , William ( 1912 ) . Lincoln , Charles Henry , ed . Correspondence of William Shirley , Volume 1 . New York : Macmillan . OCLC <unk> .
Shirley , William ( 1912 ) . Lincoln , Charles Henry , ed . Correspondence of William Shirley , Volume 2 . New York : Macmillan . OCLC <unk> .
While at Berkeley , Joan gave birth to her first child , a daughter , Sheena , who was born severely mentally handicapped . They later had three sons , all of whom went on to complete a PhD .
Hurricane Greta – Olivia was a rare crossover storm from the Atlantic to the Pacific , one of six to maintain tropical cyclone status during the crossing .
Early in its duration , Greta produced heavy rainfall in the Netherlands Antilles , but the strongest winds remained north of the island .
Although the National Hurricane Center does not consider it retired , the World Meteorological Organization lists Greta in its retired hurricane name list .
I. <unk> , Florence , 1608 ;
Bernardo <unk> , Giovan Battista <unk> & Co . , Venice , 1608 ;
Antonio <unk> , Venice , 1640 .
Mike Pompeo , ( Republican Party ) , United States representative for Kansas 's 4th congressional district ( since 2011 ) .
Lynn Westmoreland , ( Republican Party ) , United States representative for Georgia 's 3rd congressional district ( since 2007 ) .
Ryan Zinke , ( Republican Party ) , United States representative for Montana 's at @-@ large congressional district ( since 2015 ) .
Diane Black , ( Republican Party ) , United States representative for Tennessee 's 6th congressional district ( since 2011 ) .
Mike Kelly , ( Republican Party ) , United States representative for Pennsylvania 's 3rd congressional district ( since 2011 ) .
Marsha Blackburn , ( Republican Party ) , United States representative for Tennessee 's 7th congressional district ( since 2003 ) .
Peter <unk> , ( Republican Party ) , United States representative for Illinois 's 6th congressional district ( since 2007 ) .
Ernest Haycox 's 1942 novel Alder Gulch depicts Bannack Sheriff Henry Plummer as a cold and calculating murderer and thief .
John Dehner played Henry Plummer in an episode of the 1950s western television series , Stories of the Century , starring and narrated by Jim Davis .
An episode of the TV series Overland Trail , The Montana Vigilantes aired in April 1960 .
It is said that Director Kamiya based Joe 's run animation on how he got to work , and the bosses of the game are based on Capcom executives .
Leonard B. Smith , cornet ( 1969 )
T. N. Retif , baritone voice ( 1969 )
John D. Mohler , clarinet ( 1971 )
Through the first nine games , Michigan was undefeated and had outscored its opponents by a combined score of 256 to 4 .
Frederick W. Henninger , Barberton , Ohio
John W. F. Bennett , Jackson , Michigan
Fred L. Baker , Hillsdale , Michigan
Howard C. Felver , Batavia , Illinois
J. De Forest Richards
James R. Hogg , Knoxville , Tennessee ( St. Albans Military Academy )
Ignatius M. Duffy , Ann Arbor , Michigan
Hazen Stuart Pingree , Jr . ,
Manager : Ward W. Hughes
Assistant manager : Charles O. Cook
Finally , an <unk> reaction reported by Stephen Buchwald allows conversion of aryl halides directly into aryl Weinreb – Nahm amides .
More unusual reagents with multiple Weinreb – Nahm amide functional groups have been synthesized , serving as CO2 and α @-@ diketone <unk> .
The ultimate southern terminus of the motorway has been established by applicable legislation to be near Dubrovnik .
Early in its duration , Sarah brought gusty winds and passing showers to Guam .
Overall , Typhoon Sarah caused around 2 @,@ 000 deaths , making it among the deadliest typhoons on record .
The two storey building has a slate roof . To the south east a stone wall contains wrought iron gates in an arched gateway .
An adapted winnowing machine is used to sift the flour produced by the millstones .
Most of her crew survived the sinking and were rescued by the Japanese . About a quarter of them died during captivity . Her wreck was discovered in early 2007 .
The M249 is sometimes incorrectly referred to as a " Squad Assault Weapon " .
The <unk> , a prominent meteor shower that occurs in Ursa Minor , peaks between December 18 and 25 . Its parent body is the comet 8P / Tuttle .
The Japanese Language School of Palau , a weekend supplementary programme , is in operation in Koror .
Although the storm affected several vessels during its existence , no land areas were threatened by Zeta . As a result , the NHC did not issue any tropical storm watches or warnings .
Nick Offerman has cited this as his favorite Simpsons episode .
Snow removal , litter control , and landscaping of Route 42 between the end of the Atlantic City Expressway and Interstate 295 is performed by the South Jersey Transportation Authority .
The stable form of scandium is created in supernovas via the r @-@ process .
To produce metallic scandium , the oxide is converted to scandium fluoride and reduced with metallic calcium .
Lower oxidation states ( + 2 , + 1 , 0 ) have also been observed in <unk> compounds .
The alloy <unk> is as strong as titanium , light as aluminium , and hard as ceramic .
Dentists use erbium , chromium : yttrium @-@ scandium @-@ gallium garnet ( Er , Cr : <unk> ) lasers for cavity preparation and in <unk> .
The radioactive isotope <unk> is used in oil refineries as a tracing agent . Scandium triflate is a catalytic Lewis acid used in organic chemistry .
Every 5 years the tower is repainted in a process that takes about 12 months .
NHK Radio FM Tokyo ( JOAK @-@ FM ) : 82 @.@ 5 @-@ MHz
J @-@ WAVE ( <unk> @-@ FM ) : 81 @.@ 3 @-@ MHz
Tokyo FM ( <unk> @-@ FM ) : 80 @.@ 0 @-@ MHz
FM <unk> ( <unk> @-@ FM ) : 76 @.@ 1 @-@ MHz
The University of the Air @-@ FM ( <unk> @-@ FM ) : 77 @.@ 1 @-@ MHz
Nikkei Radio Broadcasting Relay Antenna ( <unk> @-@ SW ) : 3 @.@ 925 @-@ MHz
The Japanese culture and lifestyle television show Begin <unk> aired on NHK World , featuring a full episode on Tokyo Tower in 2008 .
The power to cancel and restore awards is still included in the Victoria Cross warrant but none has been forfeited since 1908 .
In 1997 , another pristine underwater wreck was located during a survey by the Lake Champlain Maritime Museum . Two years later it was conclusively identified as the gundalow Spitfire .
Structure 5D @-@ 85 is a double platform that provides access to the Plaza of the Seven Temples .
Structure 5D @-@ 88 is a structure possessing three rooms . It was one of the first three temples to be built upon the East Platform towards the end of the Late Preclassic period .
Structure 5D @-@ 89 is another structure possessing three rooms .
Structure 5C @-@ 51 is on the western border of the complex . It was modelled in the talud @-@ tablero style in the 5th century AD .
Structure 5C @-@ 52 delimits the western extreme of the Mundo Perdido . In the 5th century AD it was built using the talud @-@ tablero style .
Structure 6C @-@ 24 is a part of the south range of the Mundo Perdido . This is another building that was styled with talud @-@ tableros in the 5th century AD .
Contains a sample from " Living For The City " , written and performed by Stevie Wonder , courtesy of Motown Records .
Jim O 'Heir as Jerry Gergich , an incompetent and widely ridiculed employee at the parks department .
Retta as Donna Meagle , the no @-@ nonsense office manager at the parks department .
Alison Becker as Shauna Malwae @-@ Tweep , a newspaper journalist for The Pawnee Journal .
Brian Huskey as Morgan , a sex offender .
Jim Meskimen as Martin <unk> , an MC at many special events around Pawnee .
Lennon Parham as Kate Speevak , a mother who opposes the construction of Leslie 's park .
Phil Reeves as Paul Iaresco , the Pawnee city manager who supports Leslie 's plan for a new park .
Ian Roberts as Ian Winston , an angry citizen who complains about lewd behavior in one of Pawnee 's parks .
Cooper Thornton as Dr. Harris , Ann 's boss at Pawnee 's hospital .
Jama Williamson as Wendy Haverford , a surgeon and Tom 's attractive wife .
Although the season premiere received good ratings , the series gradually lost viewers as they were reportedly " turned off by the morose and unnerving story lines . "
Stephen J. Lang as Det . Bob Giebelhouse
Bill Smitrovich as Lt. Robert Bletcher
The Algonquin Hotel is a historic hotel located at 59 West 44th Street in Manhattan ( New York , New York ) . The hotel has been designated as a New York City Historic Landmark .
Visitors often request to dine at the actual “ round table ” where members originally met for decades .
Analysts view the relatively quick series of 84 orders from Egypt , India and Qatar as being influenced by the Arab Spring and uncertainty of US involvement in the Middle East .
Technology demonstrator , first flying in 1986 .
Dassault used this designation ( D for <unk> ) in the early 1990s to emphasise the new semi @-@ stealthy design features .
Two @-@ seater version for the French Air Force .
Single @-@ seat version for the French Air Force .
Originally called the Rafale BM , was a planned missile @-@ only two @-@ seater version for the Aéronavale . Budgetary and technical constraints have been cited as grounds for its cancellation .
Proposed reconnaissance @-@ oriented variant .
Two @-@ seater version for the Egyptian Air Force .
Single @-@ seat version for the Egyptian Air Force .
Indian Air Force – 36 to be ordered . Final contract to be signed .
On 6 December 2007 , a French Air Force twin @-@ seat Rafale crashed during a training flight . The pilot , who suffered from spatial disorientation , was killed in the accident .
Supercruise : Up to Mach 1 @.@ 4
Maximum g @-@ load : + 9 / – 3 @.@ 6 g
Thales SPECTRA Electronic Warfare system .
Thales / SAGEM @-@ OSF <unk> <unk> Frontal infra @-@ red search and track ( IRST ) system .
Diodorus Siculus claims in his Bibliotheca historica that the number of the Persian troops was some five hundred thousand .
Herodotus recounts several anecdotes about the conduct of specific Spartans during the battle .
Herodotus ( 1920 ) . The <unk> with an English translation by A. D. Godley . Cambridge : Harvard University Press . At the Perseus Project of the Tufts University .
Diodorus Siculus ( 1967 ) . <unk> in Twelve Volumes with an English Translation by C. H. Oldfather . Cambridge , Mass . ; London . At the Perseus Project of the Tufts University .
Gibbon , Edward . The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire . ISBN 978 @-@ 0 @-@ <unk> @-@ <unk> @-@ 7
He was heard to say , " Let me burn out for God " . An indication of his zeal for the things of God .
In 1999 the Centre became an Associate Institute of the Cambridge Theological Federation , one of the largest providers of theological education in the United Kingdom .
The RIC made the investigation a top priority and replied to London at 7 @.@ 23 pm on 2 October :
Late on 30 October , Lody wrote to a friend in Omaha to tell him about his feelings before he began his defence . He told his friend :
I am prepared to make a clean breast of all this trouble , but I must protect my friends in the Fatherland and avoid as much possible humiliation for those who have been near and dear to me .
The finding of guilt and sentence of death were pronounced in camera , without Lody present , before the court martial was adjourned .
I feel it my duty as a German officer to express my sincere thanks and appreciation towards the staff of officers and men who were in charge of my person during my confinement .
The Guards apparently never saw the letter ; the Adjutant General instead directed the letter to be placed in a War Office file rather than being sent to the regiment .
Farewell . God bless you ,
Lody also left instructions that his ring was to be forwarded to his ex @-@ wife , which was carried out after his execution .
The <unk> in Berlin was named in his honour .
The following table lists the major junctions along Highway 77 , as noted by the Ministry of Transportation of Ontario . The entire route is located in Essex County .
The area was officially part of Chester County , then Lancaster , and then Cumberland until it became part of the newly established Franklin County in 1784 .
In 1748 a local militia was formed for protection against Indians , with Benjamin Chambers being named colonel .
Fighting continued in the area after the war , most notably the Enoch Brown school massacre during Pontiac 's Rebellion and the Black Boys rebellion against British troops at Fort Loudon .
The town was rebuilt with a combination of state and private funding . Many new buildings were erected quickly and were not initially built to the original standards .
It took more than 30 years to fully restore the town 's housing stock to pre @-@ Civil War standards .
A statue of a Union soldier stands next to the fountain , facing south to guard against the return of southern raiders .
To this day , the Civil War burning of Chambersburg remains a part of the town 's historic identity and yearly memorial events are held .
Chambersburg has also recently been the subject of study on how people have historically perceived and responded to war tragedies .
Conococheague Creek , a noted trout stream , runs through the center of town . It is a tributary of the Potomac River . The northernmost reach of the Potomac watershed is a few miles north of town .
Darren Brown became Mayor on January 6 , 2014 .
Samantha J. <unk> , 2nd Ward ( R )
Sharon A. <unk> , 4th Ward ( D )
Jeremy D. Cate , 4th Ward ( D )
Allen B. Coffman , 1st Ward ( R ) ( Council President )
Louisa C. Cowles , 3rd Ward ( D )
Herbert R. <unk> , 5th Ward ( D )
Alice C. Elia , 1st Ward ( D )
Kathy J. Leedy . <unk> Ward ( D )
John " Sean " A. Scott III , 2nd Ward ( D )
Heath E. <unk> , 5th Ward ( D ) ( Council Vice President )
Chambersburg shares a radio market , the 165th largest in the United States , with Waynesboro , Pennsylvania , and Hagerstown , Maryland .
Philip Berlin , inventor of the railroad sleeping car .
D. Dudley Bloom , United States Navy officer and American businessman
George K. Brady , United States Army officer . Briefly commander of the Department of Alaska .
Ike Brookens , MLB player in 1975 with the Detroit Tigers .
Baseball Hall of Famer Nellie Fox was born and lived just west of town in St. Thomas Township .
Stephen D. Houston , a renowned Mayanist scholar , epigrapher , and anthropologist was born in Chambersburg in 1958 .
Journalist and author Gwen Ifill spent a portion of her childhood in Chambersburg while her father was pastor at St. James <unk> Church .
David Fullerton Robison , a U.S. Representative , who in 1859 died of National Hotel disease , was born here
Joseph Winters an African @-@ American inventor and abolitionist , moved to Chambersburg in 1830 .
Credits are adapted from the liner notes of the album Destiny Fulfilled .
The involvement of Athens in the Ionian Revolt arose from a complex set of circumstances , beginning with the establishment of the Athenian Democracy in the late 6th century BC .
The dead of Marathon were buried on the battlefield . On the tomb of the Athenians this epigram composed by Simonides was written :
laid low the army of the gilded Medes .
And long @-@ haired Medes , who knew it all too well .
The most famous legend associated with Marathon is that of the runner Pheidippides / Philippides bringing news to Athens of the battle , which is described below .
A 2004 Polish collectible card game , Veto , set in the background of a royal election during an election sejm , is named after this procedure .
From an Indo @-@ European root , * <unk> < * <unk> < * ( a ) <unk> , " shine " sense " the one who lightens " , through Latin or <unk> .
The volcano then entered a stage of more frequent , but less violent , eruptions until the most recent Plinian eruption , which destroyed Pompeii .
The eruption could be seen from Naples . Different perspectives and the damage caused to the local villages were recorded by USAAF photographers and other personnel based nearer to the volcano .
Tracks 1 – 5 are on the Shaolin Sword side of the album and tracks 6 – 12 are on the Wu @-@ Tang Sword side .
Credits for Enter the Wu @-@ Tang ( 36 Chambers ) adapted from AllMusic .
The information regarding accolades attributed to Enter the Wu @-@ Tang is taken from AcclaimedMusic.net , except for lists with additional sources .
According to Clan Cameron records , some French gold coins were found buried in nearby woods in the 1850s .
The " Arkaig treasure " is featured in Nigel Tranter 's historical fiction novel Gold for Prince Charlie .
For a list of institutions , see Category : Universities and colleges in Indiana .
Regis High School ( a Jesuit school on the Upper East Side ) hosts an annual alumni affair ( Jug Night ) featuring traditional East Side beefsteak fare .
In the Bay of Fundy , fishermen were urged to return to port in fears of large swells from Hurricane Bob .
In Ocean City , Maryland , a brief period of heavy rainfall caused street flooding . High waves caused minimal beach erosion and overwash along the coastline .
High tides to 5 @.@ 9 feet ( 1 @.@ 8 m ) occurred along the Delaware coastline .
Farther north , the storm caused widespread beach erosion along the Jersey Shore , while heavy rains caused street flooding .
The entire route is in Somerset County .
Miniopterus aelleni is a bat in the genus Miniopterus that occurs on Anjouan in the Comoros and in northern and western Madagascar .
All songs written and composed by Garbage .
Credits adapted from the liner notes of the deluxe edition of Not Your Kind of People .
They were one of the founding members of the Premier League in 1992 . The club 's main rivals are Sunderland and Newcastle United . There is also a rivalry with Yorkshire club Leeds United .
The club 's traditional kit is red with white detailing . The various crests throughout the club 's history , the most recent of which was adopted in 2007 , incorporate a lion rampant .
Middlesbrough fans had also been praised by Cleveland Police for their behaviour in previous rounds , particularly in the light of aggravation prior to and during the match at Roma .
Middlesbrough 's mascot is Roary the Lion . The club runs Roary 's Children 's Charity Fund which purchases items for local children 's charities .
Note : Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules . Players may hold more than one non @-@ FIFA nationality .
Note : Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules . Players may hold more than one non @-@ FIFA nationality .
These 10 players were voted for by fans as part of a campaign with the Evening Gazette .
These players made more than 430 appearances during their time at the club . The number in brackets indicates the number of appearances in all competitions .
These players scored more than 140 goals during their time with the club . The number in brackets indicates the number of goals scored in all competitions .
The following former Middlesbrough players and managers have been inducted into the Scottish Football Hall of Fame .
The following are all the full @-@ time Middlesbrough managers since the club turned professional in 1899 .
Although this system of conscription survived into Eastern Han , conscription could be avoided upon payment of a commutable tax .
A subtropical cyclone is a weather system that has some characteristics of a tropical and an extratropical cyclone .
The Orb released the Metallic Spheres album in October 2010 , featuring David Gilmour of Pink Floyd . It was released by Columbia Records .
In 2013 the Orb performed with the <unk> drummers of Ghana on the West Holts stage at Glastonbury Festival .
In each of the subsequent two years , Moore made follow @-@ up cover appearances on Vanity Fair , the first of which propelled Joanne Gair to prominence as a trompe @-@ l 'œil body painter .
Big Girls Don 't Cry was deemed a New York Times Notable Book of 2010 and the winner of the <unk> Drinker Ballard Book Prize .
H. F. B. Lynch ( 1893 ) : " The monastery of <unk> <unk> , situated on the slopes of that mountain , is the most frequented of the numerous cloisters in the neighbourhood ... "
Hospital ] ] , learned his legs had been amputated . One of the things that motivated him to keep going during rehabilitation was the opportunity for sports .
He lives by Gandhi 's quote " Be the change you want to see in the world " .
Chadwick published over 125 books , monographs , articles etc . Mentioned in obituaries as being particularly notable are :
Saint Augustine : Confessions ( Translation , introduction , notes . Oxford , 1991 )
Typically , a root plus a suffix forms a stem , and adding an ending forms a word .
For example , * <unk> ' he carries ' can be split into the root * bʰer- ' to carry ' , the suffix * <unk> ' imperfective aspect ' and the ending * <unk> ' present tense , third person singular ' .
Verbal endings convey information about grammatical person , number and voice . The imperative mood has its own set of endings .
Non @-@ labial sonorants * l , * r , * y , * n , denoted collectively as R.
Labial sonorants * w * m , denoted collectively as M.
Plosives ( voiceless * p * t * <unk> * k * kʷ , voiced * b * d * <unk> * g * <unk> and aspirated * <unk> * <unk> * <unk> * <unk> * <unk> ) , denoted collectively as * P.
The laryngeals * h ₁ * h ₂ * h ₃ , denoted collectively as H.
Only one member of each sonority class may appear in the onset or coda . Thus , roots like * * <unk> , * * <unk> or * * <unk> are not allowed .
Strangely , laryngeals can also occur in the coda before a sonorant , as in * peh ₂ <unk> ' small ' .
A laryngeal may appear before or after any obstruent other than another laryngeal . Examples are * keh ₂ <unk> ' to grab ' , * <unk> ₂ - ' to fly ' .
Roots were occasionally created anew within PIE or its early descendants . A variety of methods have been observed .
Credits adapted from the liner notes for Future History .
Garamond 's reputation remained respected , even by members of the Didot family whose type designs came to dominate French printing .
František <unk> 's 2010 revival with optical sizes is one of the few modern revivals of Jannon 's work . <unk> also created a matching sans @-@ serif companion design , Jannon Sans .
As one of the most popular typefaces in history , a number of designs have been created that are influenced by Garamond 's design but follow different design paths .
A humanist sans @-@ serif based on the letterforms of Jannon 's type , created by Alan Meeks and published by Letraset and later ITC .
This list focuses on notable references to Garamond or his typefaces , not including the extremely large number of books printed in them .
In Umberto Eco 's novel Foucault 's Pendulum , the protagonists work for a pair of related publishing companies , Garamond and <unk> , both owned by a Mister Garamond .
For many years the masthead of British newspaper The Guardian used " The " in Garamond and " Guardian " in bold Helvetica .
In Robin Sloan 's fantasy novel Mr. Penumbra 's 24 @-@ Hour Bookstore several character names derive from historical figures associated with the Garamond typeface .
The entire route is in McMullen County .
The entire highway is in Lenawee County .
Sam Malone ( Ted Danson ) is a recovering alcoholic , a former baseball player , a bartender and the owner of Cheers .
Diane Chambers ( Shelley Long ) is a college student and " bar misfit " who is abandoned by her fiancé , Sumner Sloane . She becomes a waitress at the end of the episode .
Carla Tortelli ( Rhea Perlman ) is a bitter , " wisecracking , cynical waitress " and divorcée whose husband , Nick , abandons her and her four children .
Norm Peterson ( George Wendt ) , recognized by everyone in the bar , enters for a quick drink .
Cliff Clavin ( John Ratzenberger ) appears for a conversation with other male patrons about bar trivia .
Kommandøren ran aground yet again in April 1938 , when she ran into the island <unk> while en route from <unk> to <unk> . The incident caused severe damage to the bottom of the hull .
Ages as of January 1 , 2011 .
Other notable structures in the Jahanpanah ’ s ambit of 20 ha ( 49 @.@ 4 acres ) area in close vicinity of the present day <unk> Public School are the following :
I command you [ addressing the speaker ] in the name of the law to desist and you [ addressing the crowd ] to disperse .
At the last minute , when it was discovered that instructions for manslaughter had not been included in the submitted instructions , the jury was called back , and the instructions were given .
Throughout the 20th century , activists such as Emma Goldman chose to be buried near the Haymarket Martyrs ' Monument graves .
Richard M. Daley , Mayor
As of 2014 , a feature motion picture is being produced about the Haymarket affair , the events leading up to it , and its aftermath .
The entire highway is on Mackinac Island , which is located in Mackinac County . <unk> are posted in a counterclockwise fashion .
This is an Indonesian name which does not have a family name . The subject should be referred to as Ucu
Ucu 's Islamic children 's books take a moderate stance .
Krismantari describes Ucu as " one of Indonesia ’ s top documentary filmmakers " .
Krismantari describes Ucu as being " a petite woman who can pack a fair punch " , in reference to Ucu 's 1 @.@ 55 m ( 5 ft 1 in ) frame and strong mind .
Gottesman has authored nine books , all related to schizophrenia and psychiatric genetics .
a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences .
Gottesman has been recognized by professional organizations in the United States , Britain , and Japan . He has received the following awards :
Distinguished Scientific Contributions Award in 2001 from the APA , is highest honor ( previous honorees include Jean Piaget and B.F. Skinner ;
James McKeen Cattell Fellow Award from the Association for Psychological Science .
No Soldier shall , in time of peace be quartered in any house , without the consent of the Owner , nor in time of war , but in a manner to be prescribed by law .
In 2005 , Zhou and colleagues suggested that P. lujiatunensis is basal to all other species . This would be consistent with its earlier appearance in the fossil record .
Details adapted from the liner notes of the single 's CD release .
Recorded at Flyte Tyme Studios , Minneapolis , Minnesota , and mixed at Flyte Tyme , Edina , Minnesota .
Powell died at his home near Henderson , Kentucky shortly following a failed bid to return to the Senate in 1867 .
Brooks & Dunn has 17 Country Music Association awards , 26 Academy of Country Music awards and 2 Grammy Awards .
Qualifiers for the latter rounds of swimming events were decided on a time only basis , therefore positions shown are overall results versus competitors in all heats .
Colour changing ink used on the numeral located on the back of the note , that appears to change colour from purple to brown , when the note is tilted .
A see through number printed in the top corner of the note , on both sides , appear to combine perfectly to form the value numeral when held against the light .
A glossy stripe , situated at the back of the note , showing the value numeral and the euro symbol .
Watermarks , which appear when held up to the light .
Raised printing in the main image , the lettering and the value numerals on the front of the banknotes will be raised .
A security thread , embedded in the banknote paper . The thread will appear as a dark stripe when held up to the light . The word " EURO " and the value is embedded in tiny letters on the thread .
Perforations in the hologram which will form the euro symbol . There are also small numbers showing the value .
A matted surface ; the note paper is made out of pure cotton , which feels crisp and firm , but not limp or waxy .
In its early stages , the subtropical precursor of Bret tracked north of Bermuda and dropped light rainfall on the island , peaking at 3 @.@ 34 inches ( 85 mm ) .
On April 4 , 2015 , Ross was released by the Diamondbacks .
The decision of the lower court was reversed and the case remanded for either a new trial or dismissal .
The <unk> have a pair of small oral lobes and a pair of tentacles . The body is circular rather than oval in cross @-@ section , and the pharynx extends over the inner surfaces of the lobes .
However , as with all Doctor Who and Torchwood spin @-@ off media , the canonicity in relation to the television series is unclear .
It is thought that Hurricane Iniki blew apart many chicken coops , some possibly used to house fighting chickens ; this caused a dramatic increase in the numbers of wild chickens roaming Kauaʻi .
Minstrel Turns : band members pass through each other by stepping between each other 's feet .
As a military marching band , the Aggie Band exclusively plays traditional marches . Among many other marches , its primary repertoire includes :
The Crucifixion darkness is an episode in three of the Canonical Gospels in which the sky becomes dark in daytime during the crucifixion of Jesus .
Roman literary sources have also been postulated , namely those on the apotheosis of the mythical king Romulus , and about the death of Julius Caesar .
In traditional artistic representations of the crucifixion , the sun and moon sometimes appear above and to either side of the cross , in allusion to the darkening of the skies .
Sleight of hand pioneers with worldwide acclaim include Dan and Dave , Ricky Jay , David Blaine , David Copperfield , Yann Frisch , Dai Vernon and Tony <unk> .
The Southern Rhodesian tribal chiefs collectively sent their own statement to King George V.
The entire route is in Berkeley County .
Hugh <unk> of GameSpot was more critical . He called it " a clone of the original " , and criticised the lack of split @-@ screen multiplayer .
Credits are taken from the liner notes of One Touch , courtesy of London Records .
Hand over the assassin of my friend , you son of a bitch ... You have until the 25th , if you don 't comply , there will be war .
Credits and personnel adapted from Damita Jo album liner notes .
The album took awhile , but I learned that you can 't be afraid of time , waiting . I also learned there is a right time for everything which is why I named the album " Todo a Su Tiempo "
The following credits are from Allmusic and from Todo a Su Tiempo liner notes .
Thanks to a charge by Conrad , the crusaders managed to fight their way through and chase the defenders back across the Barada river and into Damascus .
Mixed at Larrabee Sound Studios in North Hollywood , California .
Joe F. Carr Trophy – National Football League Most Valuable Player in 1943 .
Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1965 .
Walter Camp Distinguished American of the Year Award in 1988 .
Columbia University Athletics Hall of Fame in 2006 .
Credits adapted from the liner notes of Saints & Sinners .
The first European settlers arrived in Juniata County in the 1750s . The county has historically been part of Mifflin County and before that , part of Cumberland County .
Juniata County was the last county in Pennsylvania to develop a modern comprehensive plan . It did , however , construct a comprehensive plan in 1974 .
Four of the rock formations found in Juniata County come from def Ordovician Period , seven come from the Silurian Period , and seven come from the Devonian Period .
There are 51 different soil types in Juniata County , of which 18 are considered prime farmland . There area few agricultural soils on the northern and southern edges of the county .
There are eight Filipino people , five Vietnamese people , and two Samoans in Juniata County .
The housing density and population density of Juniata County is considerably below average for a Pennsylvania county .
There are more than 100 cemeteries in Juniata County .
On average , Juniata County generates 32 tons of solid waste per day .
There are 254 state @-@ owned bridges in Juniata County , of which 77 are considered structurally deficient by the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation .
For air travel , Juniata County is served by the privately owned Mifflintown Airport and the <unk> Memorial Heliport in Tuscarora Township .
The <unk> Route J runs through Juniata County on U.S. Route 11 and U.S. Route 15 .
There are no colleges in Juniata County , although there are twelve in the county 's general vicinity .
Four streams in Juniata County are considered high @-@ quality coldwater fisheries . There are also some Class A Wild Trout Waters in the northern and western parts of the county .
Under Pennsylvania law , there are four types of incorporated municipalities : cities , boroughs , townships , and , in at most two cases , towns .
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2010 census of Juniata County .
Below is a cladogram placing Coelurus in Coelurosauria by Cau et al. in 2015 .
In July 2014 , he played for the Rest of the World side in the Bicentenary Celebration match at Lord 's .
He has captained Australia in six Tests : four wins , one loss , one draw .
Holder of the second most sixes in a Test career , with 100 sixes .
He has captained Australia in 15 ODIs : 11 wins , 4 losses .
In modern French , the word <unk> means ' successive collision ' , currently used mainly in reference to carom or cannon shots in billiards , and to multiple @-@ vehicle car crashes ) .
Triathlon : Straight rail , Balkline and One @-@ cushion or Balkline , One @-@ cushion und Three @-@ cushion ( like the actually <unk> Billiard Cup ) .
The Great Indian Warpath ran parallel to the base of the Appalachians , connecting the Overhill settlements to Cherokee villages in Georgia and Virginia .
The Warriors ' Path connected Hiwassee Old Town , Great Tellico , and Chota , which were the main villages along the three rivers in the Overhill country .
During his stay in Great Tellico , Cuming was impressed by the display of its chief Moytoy . He described the encounter in his journal ( referring to his party in third person ) :
Jacob the Conjurer ( fl. ca . 1730 ) – in Great Tellico at the time of Cumming 's visit
The specific epithet coccinea is derived from the Latin word coccineus , and means " bright red " . The mushroom 's Japanese name is Aka @-@ <unk> @-@ take ( <unk> ) .
The foregoing declaration may be adhered to by other nations which are , or which may be , rendering material assistance and contributions in the struggle for victory over Hitlerism .
During the war , the United Nations became the official term for the Allies . To join countries had to sign the Declaration and declare war on the Axis .
The admission of any such state to membership in the United Nations will be effected by a decision of the General Assembly upon the recommendation of the Security Council . Chapter II , Article 4
For his role in the evacuation of the gold , Lieutenant Van <unk> was awarded the Order of Leopold II .
The following is the Egypt squad in the men 's football tournament of the 2012 Summer Olympics .
The entire route is in New Castle County .
There are several subspecies differing in plumage shade or size , although the differences are clinal , and races interbreed where their ranges meet .
Roman Eagles Over Ethiopia ( Harrisburg , PA : Military service Pub . Co . , 1940 ) .
Semper <unk> : An autobiography ( Hawthorne , CA : Christian Book Club of America , 1976 ) .
Lieutenant General Pedro A. del Valle , U.S. Marine Corps ( retired ) ( Oral history program ) .
U.S. support of Israel
the presence of U.S. troops in Saudi Arabia
Media coverage was extensive during the attacks and aftermath , beginning moments after the first crash into the World Trade Center .
The September 11 attacks also led to the U.S. wars in Afghanistan and Iraq , as well as additional homeland security spending , totaling at least $ 5 trillion .
On the World Trade Center site , three more office towers are expected to be built one block east of where the original towers stood . Construction has begun on all three of these towers .
All songs written and composed by Cold War Kids .
Adapted from the Loyalty to Loyalty inlay notes .
All songs written and composed by Super Furry Animals .
Mario Caldato Jr . – production , mixing , engineering
Apart from Fort Stikine , the following vessels were sunk or severely damaged .
François Lallement as the officer of the marines . Lallement was one of the salaried camera operators for the Star Film Company .
Jules @-@ Eugène Legris as the parade leader . Legris was a magician who performed at Méliès 's theater of stage illusions , the Théâtre Robert @-@ Houdin in Paris .
Victor André , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , and <unk> as the astronomers . André worked at the Théâtre de Cluny ; the others were singers in French music halls .
Tropical cyclones form due to latent heat driven by significant thunderstorm activity , and are warm core .
Extratropical cyclones form as waves along weather fronts before occluding later in their life cycle as cold core cyclones .
With the passage of the Maine Indian Claims Settlement Act in 1980 , attorney Tom Tureen turned his attention to the Mashantucket Pequot case .
Prototype of B @-@ 70 . Two were built .
Planned preproduction version with improvements based on XB @-@ 70s .
Planned bomber production version of Valkyrie . A fleet of up to 65 operational bombers was planned .
Proposed reconnaissance @-@ strike version with a crew of four and in @-@ flight refueling capability .
Height : 30 ft 0 in ( 9 @.@ 1 m )
Thrust / weight : 0 @.@ 314
The following countries , listed in order of broadcasting dates , had confirmed that they would broadcast the anniversary show .
The following list of countries , who are members of the EBU had not announced their plans on whether to broadcast the show .
Millennium Group consultant Frank Black ( Lance Henriksen ) travels to North Dakota to track down a burgeoning serial killer who has progressed from mauling horses to attacking and killing people .
My share is from the floor to the roof of the house . Yours is from the roof to the firmament .
Green Wing 's plot revolves around the lives of the staff of the East Hampton Hospital Trust , a fictional NHS hospital with staff ranging from the slightly unusual to the completely surreal .
Subsequently , Gill attacked the first episode of series two , in particular the use of a dream sequence at the beginning of the episode . He wrote ,
Green Wing has also won a number of times in The Comedy.co.uk Awards , including the " Comedy Of The Year " award in 2006 .
A cocktail called the Green Wing was served at the 2005 BAFTAs . It is made using vodka , cloudy apple juice , elderflower cordial and sparkling mineral water .
Ma suffered from depression in his final years , and committed suicide in September 2004 .
The ride is currently sponsored by Mazda .
Dæmonen has never placed in Amusement Today 's Golden Ticket Awards .
The codes used for the four @-@ needle telegraph are not known , and none of the equipment has survived . It is not even known which letters were assigned to the twelve possible codes .
Strong resigned his seat in 1796 and returned to private life in Northampton .
In the United Kingdom , the UK Press Card Authority ( a voluntary consortium of news agencies ) issues a nationally standardized card to United Kingdom @-@ based news gatherers .
For freelance journalists , organizations like the National Writers Union , Professional Publishers Association .
Matthew Fox submitted this episode for consideration for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series for the 59th Primetime Emmy Awards .
Beginning with the reformist administration of Kiselyov , the two countries experienced a series of profound changes , political , social , as well as cultural .
Pinoy ( / <unk> / ) is an informal demonym referring to the Filipino people in the Philippines and their culture as well as to overseas Filipinos in the Filipino diaspora .
The surname Spencer has gained in popularity over time . In the 19th century it also become popular as a given name — especially in the more anglicised areas of the United States .
Jewish ( Ashkenazic ) : Speiser – occupational name for a grocer , from a later semantic development of " Speiser " .
Medieval Latin – <unk> , <unk> and <unk> – steward .
b. <unk> , <unk> – dispenser of money , provisions etc . ; someone working at , or in charge of , the buttery ; a household steward
Anglo @-@ French – <unk> , <unk> .
Middle English – <unk> ( e ) and spence – larder ; <unk> – steward . With the agent suffix – er this becomes <unk> – butler or steward .
The following is a small selection of notable Spencers .
Hugh le Despenser I ( died 1238 ) was a wealthy land owner in the East Midlands of England , as well as High Sheriff of Berkshire .
Elizabeth Spencer ( soprano ) was a recording artist for Thomas Alva Edison .
Prince William , Duke of Cambridge eldest son of Diana , Princess of Wales second in line to the thrones of the United Kingdom and fifteen other Commonwealth realms .
Prince Harry second son of Diana , Princess of Wales .
where σ is the Stefan – Boltzmann constant . As the position of a star on the HR diagram shows its approximate luminosity , this relation can be used to estimate its radius .
This relationship applies to main @-@ sequence stars in the range 0 @.@ 1 – 50 M ☉ .
where M and L are the mass and luminosity of the star , respectively , <formula> is a solar mass , <formula> is the solar luminosity and <formula> is the star 's estimated main sequence lifetime .
Arnett , David , Supernovae and Nucleosynthesis , Princeton University Press , Princeton , 1996 .
Bahcall , John N. , Neutrino Astrophysics , Cambridge University Press , Cambridge , 1989 .
Barnes , C. A. , Clayton , D. D. , and Schramm , D. N. ( eds . ) , Essays in Nuclear Astrophysics , Cambridge University Press , Cambridge , 1982 .
Bowers , Richard L. , and Deeming , Terry , Astrophysics I : Stars , Jones and Bartlett , Publishers , Boston , 1984 .
Chandrasekhar , S. , An Introduction to the study of stellar Structure , Dover Publications , Inc . , New York , 1967 .
Clayton , Donald D. , Principles of Stellar Evolution and Nucleosynthesis , University of Chicago Press , Chicago , 1983 .
Cox , J. P. , and <unk> , R. T. , Principles of Stellar Structure , Gordon and Breach , New York , 1968 .
Hansen , Carl J. , Kawaler , Steven D. , and Trimble , Virginia Stellar Interiors : Physical Principles , Structure , and Evolution , Second Edition , Springer @-@ Verlag , New York , 2004 .
Padmanabhan , T. , Theoretical Astrophysics , Cambridge University Press , Cambridge , 2002 .
Novotny , Eva , Introduction to Stellar Atmospheres and Interior , Oxford University Press , New York , 1973 .
Shore , Steven N. , The Tapestry of Modern Astrophysics , John Wiley and Sons , Hoboken , 2003 .
During his law school years , his parents separated . Falk maintained minimal contact with his father , but remained very close with his mother until her death in 1988 .
Falk 's first book , The Bald Truth , was released on February 3 , 2009 .
Falk 's 2014 NBA player clients are in bold , while his non @-@ NBA player clients are in italics .
Little Wapwallopen Creek was entered into the Geographic Names Information System on August 2 , 1979 . Its identifier in the Geographic Names Information System is <unk> .
The greenway of Little Wapwallopen Creek has been proposed as a conservation area in the Open Space , Greenways & Outdoor Recreation Master Plan for Luzerne County and Lackawanna County .
The first air @-@ raid drills for the Berlin central government district , which included the Reich Chancellery , occurred in the autumn of 1937 . The protocol for the drills stated , in part :
After the war , Walker became a companion of the Massachusetts Commandery of the Military Order of the Loyal Legion of the United States .
Ōmoto @-@ kyō priests still oversee the Aiki @-@ jinja <unk> ceremony in Ueshiba 's honor every April 29 at the Aiki Shrine in Iwama .
At that moment I was enlightened : the source of <unk> [ the martial way ] is God 's love – the spirit of loving protection for all beings ...
His second experience occurred in 1940 when engaged in the ritual purification process of misogi .
His third experience was in 1942 during the worst fighting of World War II , Ueshiba had a vision of the " Great Spirit of Peace " .
Medal of Honor ( Japan ) , 1960 .
Order of the Rising Sun , Gold Rays with Rosette , 1964 .
Order of the Sacred Treasure ( Japan ) , 1968 .
Credits adapted from the liner notes of Change , Island Records .
On November 3 , 1999 , the City of Chicago established the Lincoln Avenue TIF district , including the Lincoln Village Shopping Center area .
Stone stated his political philosophy as " You take care of the people who take care of you – you know , the people who voted for you . That 's not Chicago politics , that 's Politics 101 " .
In the United Kingdom , Monopoly publisher Waddingtons produced its first non @-@ London edition in 1989 , creating a Limited Edition based on Leeds as a charity fundraiser .
The official U.S. Monopoly web site
The History of The Landlord 's Game and Monopoly .
Online photo album of many historical U.S. Monopoly sets , from Charles Darrow 's sets through the 1950s
Under the Boardwalk – The MONOPOLY Story – Film detailing the early history of the game with interviews including Phil Orbanes , Randolph Barton , Victor Watson , & Charles Darrow II .
Rank and organization : Captain , U.S. Army , Intelligence Advisor , Special Operations
Among Capt. Humbert Roque Versace 's military decorations are the following :
In 2014 Volkswagen published the results of life @-@ cycle assessment of its electric vehicles certified by <unk> NORD , and independent inspection agency . The study found that CO
Robin Olds ' ribbons as they appeared at retirement .
From top , and from left to right : Command pilot .
Row 1 : Air Force Cross ; Air Force Distinguished Service Medal , one oak leaf cluster .
Row 2 : Silver Star , three oak leaf clusters ; Legion of Merit ; Distinguished Flying Cross , five oak leaf clusters .
Row 3 : Air Medal , with 39 oak leaf clusters .
Row 4 : Air Force Commendation Medal ; Presidential Unit Citation , with oak leaf cluster ; Outstanding Unit Award , with two oak leaf clusters ; American Defense Service Medal .
Row 6 : Vietnam Service Medal ; Air Force Longevity Service Award , with six oak leaf clusters ; Small Arms Expert Marksmanship Medal ; Légion d 'honneur .
Row 7 : Distinguished Flying Cross ( United Kingdom ) ; Croix de Guerre ( France ) , with star ; Vietnam Air Gallantry Cross with Gold Wings ; Republic of Vietnam Campaign Medal .
The title and cover of the EP are references to U2 's 1985 EP Wide Awake in America . All the tracks were recorded by Alastair McMillan , and mixed by the EP 's producer , Declan Gaffney .
All lyrics written by Bono , all music composed by U2 .
The novel follows the adventure of four bears , Kallik ( a polar bear ) , Lusa ( a black bear ) , Toklo ( a brown bear ) and Ujurak ( a brown bear ) .
Only a single poetic hymn in the Demotic script has been preserved . However , there are many surviving examples of Late @-@ Period Egyptian hymns written in hieroglyphs on temple walls .
Track listing adapted from AllMusic .
Credits are adapted from AllMusic .
The storm was the only one on record to form in the Mozambique Channel in June . In addition , it was the strongest storm to form so late in the season .
The following is adapted from the album liner notes .
In another open display of dissent , the ship 's boilers had been tampered with by one of the crew . The special blubber @-@ fired boilers had disappeared , apparently thrown overboard .
Hamasaki launched her own fashion brand , MTRLG ( Material Girl ) , in 2001 ; the clothes were sold at MTRLG boutiques and at Mise S * <unk> stores .
On 21 January , jurors were taken to sites involved in the case . These included Wright 's rented house , which they viewed only from the outside , and the areas where the victims were found .
However , other family members seemed satisfied with the verdict . The father of Gemma Adams said :
The murders refocused press attention on a number of controversial issues in British politics .
On 3 December 2012 , Wright announced that he would be launching a third appeal against his conviction .
The case was featured in an episode of the documentary series Real Crime .
He has three sons by his first marriage and began his second marriage in 1980 .
Darling holds the record for the most innings in a complete Test Match career ( 60 ) , without being dismissed lbw .
Growing into adolescence , he was said to strongly resemble his Hawaiian mother . Robert G. Carter gave a brief description of his appearance in wartime letters first published in 1897 :
Sharpsburg . Was taken prisoner by Stuart 's
In 2015 , Intrada Records , which previously reissued Jaws 3 @-@ D on compact disc , released the complete score .
Comedian Richard <unk> performed a popular stand @-@ up routine based on the film .
The film is listed in Golden Raspberry Award founder John Wilson 's book The Official Razzie Movie Guide as one of The 100 Most <unk> Bad Movies Ever Made .
Some atheists have doubted the very need for the term " atheism " . In his book Letter to a Christian Nation , Sam Harris wrote :
The broadest demarcation of atheistic rationale is between practical and theoretical atheism .
Other Indian philosophies generally regarded as atheistic include Classical Samkhya and Purva <unk> . The rejection of a personal creator God is also seen in Jainism and Buddhism in India .
G.J. Holyoake was the last person ( 1842 ) imprisoned in Great Britain due to atheist beliefs . Stephen Law states that Holyoake " first coined the term ' secularism ' " .
According to the Australian Bureau of Statistics , 22 % of Australians have " no religion " , a category that includes atheists .
Richard Marin Scrushy ( born August 1952 in Selma , Alabama ) is an American businessman . He is the founder of HealthSouth Corporation , a global healthcare company based in Birmingham , Alabama .
In any event , the [ D ] istrict of Louisiana soon became part of a separately administered [ T ] <unk> of Louisiana , effective July 4 , 1805 .
I am deeply grateful to the President for his extreme kindness . Life without work does not remotely interest me . But do you have to print anything about me ?
Future gravitational waves observatories might see primordial gravitational waves , relics of the early universe , up to less than a second of the Big Bang .
If inflation occurred , exponential expansion would push large regions of space well beyond our observable horizon .
One proposed refinement to avoid this would @-@ be singularity is to develop a correct treatment of quantum gravity .
It is not known what could have preceded the hot dense state of the early universe or how and why it originated , though speculation abounds in the field of cosmogony .
Models including the Hartle – Hawking no @-@ boundary condition , in which the whole of space @-@ time is finite ; the Big Bang does represent the limit of time but without any singularity .
Eternal inflation , in which universal inflation ends locally here and there in a random fashion , each end @-@ point leading to a bubble universe , expanding from its own big bang .
Proposals in the last two categories , see the Big Bang as an event in either a much larger and older universe or in a multiverse .
The following credits are from Hasta la Raíz album liner notes .
The entire route is in Sheridan County .
Halides of americium are known for the oxidation states + 2 , + 3 and + 4 , where the + 3 is most stable , especially in solutions .
This is the first Genesis album to credit songwriters individually , as opposed to the band as a whole .
This honour is noted in his service record now held at the Public Record Office , with the words : " The most valorous NCO at the battle of Waterloo selected by the Duke of Wellington . "
Credits adapted from the album 's liner notes .
The film ends with all 50 Tucker Sedans being driven down the streets of downtown Chicago , admired by everyone as they pass .
Tradition Plaza – Marks the entrance to the memorial and reflects on Aggie traditions .
To further honor the victims , in 2000 , the Aggie Replant Committee planted twelve live oak trees at the Polo Grounds .
The song was featured in the titles of the first series of Serbia 's Next Top Model .
Credits adapted from the liner notes of Sweet 7 .
and that the attacks were to be directed against the British aircraft carriers and merchantmen .
All songs written and composed by Thom Yorke except " Guess Again ! " by Thom Yorke and Colin Greenwood .
Adapted from the Tomorrow 's Modern Boxes vinyl packaging .
Awindra Pratap Pandey , the man who was attacked , is a software engineer from Gorakhpur , Uttar Pradesh , who lives in Ber Sarai , New Delhi ; he suffered broken limbs but survived .
The Delhi police filed a charge sheet against the defendants on March 13 in the robbery of Ram Adhar .
Police stated that peaceful protests had been " hijacked " by hooligans and political activists .
New Year 's celebrations were scaled down to a large extent , with the Indian armed forces and some clubs and hotels in Delhi cancelling their New Year parties .
In Paris , people participated in a march to the Indian embassy where a petition was handed over asking for action to make India safer for women .
In a March 2015 interview with The Tribune , Women and Child Development Minister Maneka Gandhi said that Government is going ahead with a law treating juveniles as adults in grave crimes .
The main rail line through Norrland crossed Lule River there .
The intersection of the main line and the Luleå – Narvik line was located there .
The most important road intersection in Norrbotten was located there .
The most suitable river crossing sites over Lule River were located there .
The distance to the coast was long enough to prevent a surprise attack by a naval landing force .
The topography of the area was suitable for a modern fortress .
Hardy is involved in motocross , music , painting , and other artistic endeavors . He is currently a member of the band Peroxwhy ? gen , with whom he has released two studio albums .
Match of the Year ( 2001 ) with Matt Hardy vs. The Dudley Boyz and Edge and Christian in a Tables , Ladders , and Chairs match at WrestleMania X @-@ Seven
Feud of the Year ( 2009 ) vs. CM Punk
Worst Worked Match of the Year ( 2011 ) vs. Sting at Victory Road
Wagiman is expected to become extinct within the first half of the century , as the youngest generation of Wagiman people speak no Wagiman at all , and understand very little .
The small number of Wagiman speakers are also partial speakers of a number of other languages besides Mayali , including Jaminjung , Wardaman and <unk> .
All grammatical information from Wilson , S. ( 1999 ) unless otherwise noted .
Pronouns are <unk> nominals also , yet their morphosyntactic alignment is nominative – accusative rather than ergative – absolutive .
For these reasons , the pronouns are also labeled base for nominative – ergative pronouns , and oblique for accusative – dative pronouns .
This would be prohibited by the restriction against case stacking in Wagiman if the genitive -gin were a case suffix .
Each verb is listed with its past tense marker , which is the second morpheme . Pronunciation given where appropriate .
Each is listed with the -ma suffix ( or its <unk> ) , which signals aspectual <unk> .
Wagiman does not do this . A nasal in a coda retains its position regardless of the following consonant :
If Wagiman constrained against <unk> clusters and assimilated them for place , as English does , these words would surface as [ <unk> ] , [ <unk> ] , and [ <unk> ] .
Wagiman vowel harmony and other aspects of Wagiman phonotactics require further investigation . It is not known , for instance , whether vowel harmony equally affects unstressed syllables .
Wagiman is a morphologically rich language and each part of speech has its own set of associated bound morphemes , some of which are obligatory , while others are optional .
Nominals are also marked for number with a suffix that adjoins directly to the root , inside the case suffix . <unk> ' two ' , for example , would attach to the nominal root before the case , as in :
Coverbs are <unk> differentiated from nominals though , in that a nominal may not take the aspectual suffixes that a coverb obligatorily takes .
Takao 's brother 's 24 @-@ year @-@ old girlfriend is friendly with Takao and fascinated by his shoe @-@ making . She is voiced by Yuka <unk> in Japanese and Brittney Karbowski in English .
Matsumoto is Takao 's classmate and friend , as well as Satō 's boyfriend . He is voiced by <unk> Inoue in Japanese and Mike Yager in English .
Satō is a second year student in Takao 's high school and friend . She is voiced by Megumi Han in Japanese and Alison Sumrall in English .
The World Health Organization recommends three or four doses starting at two months of age . It can be begun earlier but then additional doses are needed .
In the United States it costs between 25 and 50 USD for the inactivated form .
That [ neighbouring ] Stretford and Salford are not administratively one with Manchester is one of the most curious anomalies of England .
The Lowry Hotel , the first five @-@ star hotel to be built in Greater Manchester , is on the Salford side of the River Irwell .
From the formation of the Hundred of Salford , the entire area was within the Diocese of Lichfield . This diocese was divided in 1541 , upon the creation of the See of Chester .
Salford Quays has been used as a major international triathlon site , but a 2009 <unk> was cancelled because of a lack of competitors .
During the early part of the 20th century speedway was staged at Albion Stadium .
Both issues were digest @-@ sized , with 132 pages , and were priced at 35 cents . The issues were numbered as a single volume with two issues .
Before the event went live on pay @-@ per @-@ view , Val Venis defeated Rob Conway in a dark match .
The Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 versions , just like the PC edition , only have online multiplayer . There is no split @-@ screen local play .
Dickens spoke highly of Procter 's quick intelligence . By his account , the young Procter mastered without difficulty the subjects to which she turned her attention :
With her children shuddering at her feet .
Till the dawning of the winter day . ( 51 – 58 )
The name Irruputuncu derives from Aymara iru spiny Peruvian feather grass and <unk> a small vessel or a hole , pit , crater . Alternative names are <unk> and <unk> .
After releasing the Director 's Cut version of Broken Sword , Revolution released a remastered edition of the second game , entitled Broken Sword : The Smoking Mirror – Remastered , in 2010 .
In recognition of his performances , Tallon was named as one of the five Wisden Cricketers of the Year in 1949 .
Tallon was rested for the second tour match against Leicestershire , which Australia won by an innings with Saggers behind the stumps .
Tallon 's performances during the English summer saw him named by Wisden as one of its five Cricketers of the Year .
In August 2004 , Borland rejoined Limp Bizkit , which began recording another album , The Unquestionable Truth ( Part 1 ) .
Total Austrian / Württemberg force : 20 @,@ 000 men .
There is less biodiversity within the mined area ; in particular , the reclaimed and reforested areas have less biodiversity than the areas which have undergone a natural succession .
Various efforts have reduced the industry 's environmental impact . <unk> bed combustion generates fewer NOx , SO
All songs written by Damon Albarn , Graham Coxon , Alex James and Dave Rowntree .
Grade IV : Prolapse with inability to be manually reduced .
External hemorrhoids occur below the dentate or pectinate line . They are covered proximally by <unk> and distally by skin , both of which are sensitive to pain and temperature .
A number of office @-@ based procedures may be performed . While generally safe , rare serious side effects such as perianal sepsis may occur .
Long @-@ term outcomes are generally good , though some people may have recurrent symptomatic episodes . Only a small proportion of persons end up needing surgery .
Although Tarr spent the majority of his rugby career with Oxford and Leicester , he is recorded as representing club teams <unk> and Richmond F.C. and also Midland Counties .
They must be Singapore citizens aged 21 or above .
Their names must appear in a current register of electors .
They must have been residents of Singapore for at least ten years .
They must be able to speak , read and write in at least one of the four official languages ( English , Malay , Mandarin and Tamil ) .
They must not be disqualified under Article 45 of the Constitution .
Amendments to the Constitution .
Any motion pertaining to a bill to amend a supply bill , supplementary supply bill or final supply bill . ( These are bills authorizing the Government to expend public money . )
Any motion pertaining to a Bill to amend a money bill .
A motion of no confidence in the Government .
Removal of the President from office .
NCMPs have raised and debated in Parliament a wide range of issues . What follows are some of the more notable issues mentioned .
The following buildings have been observed to be influenced by Saarinen 's 1922 design .
A NATO spokesman said that NATO " regrets the loss of life of any Pakistani servicemen " .
Germany : Guido Westerwelle , Foreign Minister of Germany , deplored the attack during a telephone call to Pakistan and said he supported an investigation into it .
Major Mujahid Ali Mirani Shaheed .
Captain Usman Ali Shaheed .
Using the PAF ? – Dealing militarily and non @-@ militarily with USA without direct offensive confrontation .
American rock band Zebrahead covered the song and released it as a single for their cover album Panty Raid .
At the Athens Olympics , four athletes ( three men and one woman ) participated across three sports in four distinct events . Swimmer Roshendra Vrolijk was Aruba 's flag bearer at the ceremonies .
Aruban athletes have so far achieved qualifying standards in the following athletics events ( up to a maximum of 3 athletes in each event at the ' A ' Standard , and 1 at the ' B ' Standard ) .
Note : Only the top five positions are included for both sets of standings .
All lyrics written by Billie Joe Armstrong , except where noted , all music composed by Green Day .
Credits for Warning adapted from liner notes .
Vidya Balan as Lolita . A woman of dignity with unflinching love for Shekhar . A lovely singer , who resigned to the circumstances , upholding her respect when she faces insult .
Sanjay Dutt as Girish . Simple and straightforward character who plays Lolita 's moral support with warmth and compassion .
Raima Sen as Koel . Lolita 's playful , mischievous and cheerful cousin who 's lively , peppy and lives through every moment .
Diya Mirza as Gayatri . Short but a devious character who longs for Shekhar with her charm and beauty .
Sabyasachi Chakrabarty as Naveen Roy . Cold at heart , a shrewd and a conniving businessman who even places human values and relationships below his greed for money .
Surinder Kaur as Rajeshwari . The mother of Shekhar who scornfully watches how badly her husband treats the neighbours and gets ill .
Tina Dutta as Teenage Lolita .
Supriya Shukla as Sunita .
Rekha in a special appearance in song " Kaisi Paheli <unk> " .
George Baker as Sir William Eckhart .
The choice of Sanjay Dutt was because of his versatility , said Chopra in an interview . He also said that the affable nature of Sanjay was a plus during film making .
Since Sarkar knew the city of Kolkata very well , the film was primarily shot there . While most of the film was made in Kolkata , a small portion was shot in Darjeeling .
The film also won a prominent awards in the form of two Star Screen Awards , three Zee Cine Awards among a notable awards . Apart from these , the film was nominated for an eclectic mix of awards .
The soundtrack to Parineeta was released by Tips Music in April 2005 to positive reviews .
He was the father of Andrew Caspersen and three other sons .
The Republika Srpska officials responsible for running the camp have since been indicted and found guilty of crimes against humanity and war crimes .
While known within the fandom for his spoken storytelling , Conway is also the author of several short stories published in various works by <unk> Press .
Gordon also affected the nearby Bahamas , producing 46 mph ( 74 km / h ) sustained winds at Kemps Bay , Andros .
Due to the crop damage in Florida , the price of vegetables across the United States rose . There were about 25 @,@ 000 insurance claims following the storm 's passage .
Ishikawa earned his second World Series ring when the Giants defeated the Kansas City Royals four games to three .
There were many ports to contemporary systems , most of them by either Atari , Inc. or its software label for non @-@ Atari platforms , Atarisoft .
Video game designer Jeff Minter based several of his games on Defender 's design .
In 2004 , Tim Waggoner authored a novel called " <unk> " based on the video game .
Defender and other Midway properties appear in the Toy @-@ to @-@ Game title Lego Dimensions . The ship from Defender plays a role in the final battle against the game 's villain Lord <unk> .
The entire route is in Chautauqua County .
Lord Randall put forward the idea of phasing out the hereditary peers by disqualifying their heirs .
Baroness Jay reminded the House that under the Salisbury Convention they could not block the bill .
Before the granting of Royal Assent , the Lords had adopted a Standing Order making provision for the election of peers . The Order provided that there be elected :
Mega Man 6 was released on Japanese mobile phones via the i @-@ mode service in 2007 .
In Egypt . The chain of narrators of this manuscript ends with Al @-@ <unk> .
Lou Perryman as Sheriff Charles B. <unk>
To enjoy the magnificence of a mountain , you have to look upwards in most cases . To enjoy Mount Huangshan , however , you 've got to look downward .
Huangshan was formed approximately 100 million years ago and gained its unique rock formations in the Quaternary Glaciation .
In 2002 , Huangshan was named the " sister mountain " of Jungfrau in the Swiss Alps .
Huangshan has an oceanic climate ( Cfb ) according to the Köppen climate classification . Its elevation makes it colder and wetter than the rest of Anhui .
questioned a material witness about his veracity and motives as a witness other than during the hearing and in the presence of the applicant and his counsel .
After toiling in many lower lives .
To my community and my Faith .
To meet Him and sit at His Lotus feet .
The Sikh Gurus , Singapore : Sri Guru Nanak Sat Sang Sabha , 1991 , OCLC <unk> .
Amar Shaheed Sant <unk> Singh <unk> : Martyr of the Sikh Faith , Harpenden , Hertfordshire : European Institute of Sikh Studies , 1997 , OCLC <unk> .
Memoirs of Mr Justice Choor Singh of The Supreme Court of Singapore , Singapore : [ Family of Choor Singh ] , 2003 , OCLC <unk> .
Who is a Sikh ? : And other Essays on Several other Non @-@ Sikh Punjabi Religious Societies other than Hindus and Muslim , Singapore : [ Choor Singh Sidhu ] , 2004 , OCLC <unk> .
Acid erosion of the teeth can be a feature of rumination , as can halitosis ( bad breath ) .
Patients visit an average of five physicians over 2 @.@ 75 years before being correctly diagnosed with rumination syndrome .
There is little evidence concerning the impact of hereditary influence in rumination syndrome . However , case reports involving entire families with rumination exist .
For the film director and television producer , see Jeff Pollack .
For the music and media consultant , see Jeff Pollack .
In 2011 , Pollack launched Federated Sports + Gaming ( FS + G ) and the Epic Poker League , where he served as Executive Chairman . Within a year , FS + G had filed bankruptcy .
In early 2015 , Pollack was hired as special advisor to the San Diego Chargers .
A dark grey cell indicates the character was not in the film .
A ^ T indicates the character reappears in a television series .
An A indicates the actor or actress appears via archived footage from previous films .
Note : Only the top five positions are included for both sets of standings .
Gröning describes himself as a " desk person " and was content with his role in SS salary administration , which granted him both the administrative and military aspects he wanted from a career .
Gröning then began receiving phone calls and letters from strangers who tried to tell him Auschwitz was not actually a place for exterminating human beings in gas chambers .
I have seen the crematoria , I have seen the burning pits and I want you to believe me that these atrocities happened . I was there .
He also wrote memoirs for his family , consisting of 87 pages .
A Synopsis of Quadrupeds . John Monk , 1771 .
Genera of Birds . Balfour and <unk> , 1773 .
A History of Quadrupeds . John Monk , 1781 .
Free Thoughts on the Militia Laws . Benjamin White , 1781 .
The Journey to Snowdon . Henry Hughs , 1781 .
The Journey from Chester to London . Benjamin White , 1782 .
Of the <unk> . George Allan ( private press ) , 1788 .
Of London . Robert Faulder , 1790 .
Indian Zoology . Robert Faulder , 1790 .
A Letter to a member of parliament : On Mail @-@ Coaches . R. Faulder , 1792 .
The Literary Life of the Late Thomas Pennant . Benjamin and J. White , 1793 .
The History of the Parishes of Whiteford and Holywell . Benjamin and J. White , 1796 .
Western Hindoostan . Henry Hughs , 1798 .
The View of India extra <unk> , China , and Japan . L. Hansard , 1800 .
The View of the Malayan Isles , New Holland , and the Spicy Isles . John White , 1800 .
A Journey from London to the Isle of Wight . E. Harding , 1801 .
From Dover to the Isle of Wight . Wilson , 1801 .
A Tour from Downing to Alston @-@ Moor . E. Harding , 1801 .
A Tour from Alston @-@ Moor to <unk> , and <unk> Crags . J. Scott , 1804 .
The " water " engo are <unk> ( " brooding " , but a pun on naga @-@ ame " long rain " ) , <unk> ( " a river of tears " ) and <unk> ( " is soaked " ) .
Poet and translator Peter McMillan says the large number of Narihira 's poems included in the Kokinshū and later court anthologies is an indicator of the high regard in which his poetry was held .
The Tales of Ise is a collection of narrative episodes , centred on Narihira , and presenting poems he had composed , along with narratives explaining what had inspired the poems .
The late 11th @-@ century Tale of <unk> refers to Ise by the variant name <unk> Chūjō no Nikki ( " Narihira 's diary " ) .
Despite the content , Groucho 's 13 @-@ year @-@ old son Arthur found the show " extremely funny " , albeit conceding that he may have been " a very easy audience " .
Commenting on the series , Maggs has said it was his favorite among the comedies he had directed , and described how they were performed .
Operation Head Start was conducted at the base from September to December 1958 . It helped to demonstrate that a continuous airborne alert could be maintained successfully .
Operation Head Start eventually lead to Operation Chrome Dome . Chrome Dome was an operation where bombers would be in constant airborne alert and loiter at points just outside the Soviet Union .
Military members adjusting to Loring had many facilities available to them . This included the Family Service Center , the Family Services Lending Closet , and the Corey Center .
The main dining hall on base was named Dahlgren Hall , after Maine native Edward Dahlgren , who was a recipient of the Medal of Honor for his actions in World War II .
The following year , Stratus inducted Lita into the WWE Hall of Fame .
Stratus co @-@ starred in the 2015 film , <unk> , as the villainous Gina .
Worst Worked Match of the Year ( 2002 ) with Bradshaw vs. Christopher Nowinski and Jackie Gayda on Raw , July 7
Sir Granville Bantock authored " Thalaba the Destroyer – Symphonic Poem " ( 1899 ) based on the poem .
Credits adapted from the liner notes of Teenage Dream : The Complete Confection .
Credits adapted from AllMusic .
The following are the baseball ground rules for the Dr Pepper Ballpark .
A baseball hit above the yellow line in outfield is considered a home run .
A baseball that hits the yellow fair line below the fence is in play .
A baseball that hits the yellow fair line above the fence is a home run .
No player is allowed to climb the stairwell leading into the bullpens to catch a ball .
If a ball gets caught in one of the grates leading into the stands the ball is considered dead and the base runner is allowed one base .
If a player catches a ball and falls into the dugout the batter is ruled out and the base runner is allowed one base .
If a baseball hits anywhere on the dugout it is considered out of play .
If a baseball hits the green fence the ball is in play .
A player is allowed to lean on the tarp to catch a fly ball , but not stand on the tarp .
The Cirque du Soleil touring production <unk> is inspired by The Tempest .
Ernest Chausson : in 1888 he wrote incidental music for La <unk> , a French translation by Maurice <unk> . This is believed to be the first orchestral work that made use of the celesta .
Malcolm Arnold , Lennox Berkeley , Arthur Bliss , Engelbert Humperdinck , Hector Berlioz , Willem <unk> and Henry Purcell .
Ilium and its sequel Olympos by Dan Simmons are heavily influenced by The Tempest , a portion of the plot devoted to a re @-@ imagining of The Tempest 's characters in a distant sci @-@ fi future .
As part of Random House 's Hogarth Shakespeare series of contemporary reimaginings of Shakespeare plays by contemporary writers , Margaret Atwood 's 2016 novel Hag @-@ Seed is based on The Tempest .
In 1979 , animator George Dunning , director of Yellow Submarine , planned an animated version of The Tempest ; but died while working on it .
Several other television versions of the play have been broadcast ; among the most notable is the 1980 BBC Shakespeare production , virtually complete , starring Michael Hordern as Prospero .
The PBS series Wishbone featured a television adaptation of " The Tempest " in its episode " <unk> " with Wishbone as Ariel .
In Julie Taymor 's 2010 film version of The Tempest , Prospero is a woman named Prospera , played by Helen Mirren .
The Stratford Shakespeare Festival of Canada presented a version in 2010 in which Christopher Plummer played Prospero . It was subsequently filmed in hi @-@ def and is now available on DVD .
There are some controversies about some of the exact details of a few of the uniforms , since some of the records were lost or destroyed after the Civil War ended .
In the Confederate Artillery , a normal junior officer had two rows of seven evenly spaced buttons , grouped into pairs , while a senior officer could have as many as eight buttons in two rows .
According to the dress code of the Confederate Navy , shoulder straps were to be worn differently by each rank .
captains wore the same shoulder straps as the flag officers , but with three equally spaced stars , each six @-@ tenths of an inch in diameter .
Commanders also had the same shoulder straps , but with only two stars .
Lieutenants had the same shoulder straps , with a single , central , star .
The shoulder straps worn by masters had the same design , but without any stars .
Passed midshipmen wore a strip of gold lace four inches in length and a half an inch wide .
For a midshipman , no shoulder straps were to be worn .
For a flag officer , the cap had an anchor in an open wreath of oak leaves , with four stars above the anchor . They were to be embroidered in gold as per pattern .
For a captain , the same as a flag officer 's , except that there were only three stars above the anchor , and the gold band was one and one @-@ half inches wide .
For a commander it was to be the same as for a captain , except that there were only but two stars .
For a lieutenant , the same as that of a captain , except there was only one star .
For a master , the same as for a captain , except that there was no star .
For a passed midshipman , an anchor without a wreath .
For a midshipman , no caps were to be worn .
The song was nominated for Best Rap / Sung Collaboration and Best Rap Song at the 2015 Grammy Awards .
Credits adapted from the liner notes of Yeezus .
Before the event went live on pay @-@ per @-@ view , Rob Conway defeated Tajiri in a match taped for Heat , one of WWE 's secondary television programs .
Credits adapted from the liner notes for Future History .
All of the humanoid breeds in Anarchy Online follow traditional RPG archetypes .
The Atrox is a warrior / tank archetype that have excellent strength and stamina but poor intelligence and psychic .
The <unk> follows a caster archetype and possess poor strength and stamina , but high intelligence and psychic .
The <unk> follows a traditional thief / rogue archetype and possess poor stamina and psychic but high agility and sense .
Finally , the Solitus follows the typical human archetype and possesses average breed statistics of all choices .
Note that there is no limitations in breed @-@ profession combinations , although some breeds will encounter maximum statistic possible for certain traits earlier than others .
In 2010 , the player community became involved in development of the game , with community @-@ created inventory icons and planet map being accepted into the official game .
The ultimate challenge was to integrate air power with MacArthur 's strategy . Kenney described the process this way in 1944 :
In his spare time , he is an amateur painter and a practitioner of Ashtanga yoga .
There are abundance of green and blew <unk> , they are of a <unk> and equal bigness ; when they are young , their Flesh is as good as young Pigeons .
Leguat and his men were hesitant to hunt the parrots because they were so tame and easy to catch . Leguat 's group took a parrot as a pet and were able to teach it to speak :
As the kind of parrot mentioned here by Leguat is not specified , some sources attribute it to Newton 's parakeet , and others to the Rodrigues parrot .
The next day , Tara tells Willow she is special and has significant power . Riley comes to visit Buffy in her dorm room and they sit facing each other , saying nothing .
Deadspin ranked Leaf as the 6th worst NFL player of all time in 2011 , opining " To call Leaf a bust is unfair to the Blair Thomases and David Carrs of the world . "
More recently , Dish Network included Leaf in their " Biggest NFL Bust Bracket " where he was a " 1 Seed " along with fellow busts Jamarcus Russell , Tony <unk> , and David Carr .
In October 2009 , he went to work in Vancouver , British Columbia as business @-@ development manager for a travel company .
In September 2010 , the Associated Press reported that Leaf was spending time with his family in Montana .
In June 2011 , he had a benign tumor from his brainstem surgically removed .
In May 2014 , Leaf was incarcerated at Crossroads Correctional Facility in Shelby , Montana .
B. sect . Banksia ( 9 series , 50 species , 9 subspecies , 3 varieties )
B. sect . Coccinea ( 1 species )
B. ser . Spicigerae ( 7 species , 2 subspecies , 4 varieties )
B. ser . Tricuspidae ( 1 species )
B. ser . Dryandroideae ( 1 species )
B. sphaerocarpa ( 5 varieties )
B. leptophylla ( 2 varieties )
B. meisneri ( 2 subspecies )
B. nutans ( 2 varieties )
B. subg . Isostylis ( 3 species )
Tales of Symphonia spawned seven manga adaptations after its release : six anthology collections and a traditional manga series .
Various countries including Algeria , Argentina , Bangladesh , Myanmar , Egypt , Iran , Lebanon , Malaysia , Morocco , Nigeria , Sri Lanka , and Uruguay have shown interest in the JF @-@ 17 .
Thrust / weight : 0 @.@ 95
C ( s ) + H2O ( g ) → CO ( g ) + H2 ( g ) .
The CNO cycle is an additional fusion mechanisms that powers stars , wherein carbon operates as a catalyst .
The diamond supply chain is controlled by a limited number of powerful businesses , and is also highly concentrated in a small number of locations around the world ( see figure ) .
Carbon generally has low toxicity to life on Earth ; but carbon nanoparticles are deadly to Drosophila .
Surrounding the lantern is a concrete gallery , accessible through a door in the lantern wall , with a white painted balustrade , and a 1990 railing . The solar panels are mounted on the gallery .
The lighthouse was added to the Queensland Heritage Register in 2004 .
College football expanded greatly during the last two decades of the 19th century . Several major rivalries date from this time period .
The Easter egg text with Warren Robinett 's name was removed from the version on the Atari Classics 10 @-@ in @-@ 1 TV Games standalone gaming unit , replaced with " TEXT ? " .
Adventure received mostly positive reviews in the years immediately after its release and has generally been viewed positively in subsequent decades .
The Adventure Easter egg became a cornerstone of the hunt for the Easter egg hidden in the fictional virtual reality game OASIS in the novel Ready Player One .
In 1967 , Prawer served as chairman of the Humanities Section of the Israel Academy of Sciences and Humanities , and was elected as Corresponding Fellow of the Medieval Academy of America .
In 1969 , he received the Israel Prize in the humanities .
In 1969 , he also received an honorary doctorate from the University of Montpellier .
In 1974 , he was also awarded the Rothschild Prize and the Order of the Chevalier de L 'Ordre Nationale du Mérite .
In 1982 , he was presented with a festschrift containing papers by twenty @-@ two historians during a special conference in Jerusalem .
In 1987 , Prawer and his colleagues hosted the Second International Conference of the Society for the Study of the Crusades and the Latin East .
In 1989 , he was honored as a Yakir Yerushalayim ( Distinguished Citizen of Jerusalem ) .
Visibility , measured in meters for most sites worldwide , except in the United States where statute miles are reported .
Runway visibility , measured in meters in many locations worldwide , or feet within the United States .
Precipitation amount over the past 1 , 3 , 6 or 24 hours is of particular interest to meteorologists in verifying forecast amounts of precipitation and determining station <unk> .
Snow depth is measured for meteorological and climatological concerns once a day . However , during periods of snowfall , it is measured each six hours to determine amount of recent snowfall .
In 2002 , Irwin and his family appeared in the Wiggles video / DVD release Wiggly Safari , which was set in Australia Zoo and featured singing and dancing inspired by Australian wildlife .
Irwin urged people to take part in considerate tourism and not support illegal poaching through the purchase of items such as turtle shells or shark @-@ fin soup .
Irwin loved mixed martial arts competitions and trained with Greg Jackson in the fighting / grappling system of <unk> .
While swimming in chest @-@ deep water , Irwin approached a stingray with an approximate span of two metres ( 6 @.@ 5 ft ) from the rear , in order to film it swimming away .
Irwin 's death is believed to be the only fatality from a stingray ever captured on video .
On 1 January 2007 , Glass House Mountains Road , the road that runs by the Australia Zoo , was officially renamed Steve Irwin Way .
An asteroid discovered in 2001 has been named <unk> Crikey in honour of Irwin and his " signature phrase " .
Film critic Andrew Osmond wrote that the epilogue hurt the film 's integrity for " giving Fritz cartoon powers of survival that the film had rejected until then " .
Note : Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules . Players may hold more than one non @-@ FIFA nationality .
Note : Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules . Players may hold more than one non @-@ FIFA nationality .
For recent transfers , see List of Cypriot football transfers summer 2016 .
For more former players , see Nea Salamina FC players .
Chris and Ann return for a guest appearance in the series finale in order to advise Leslie in 2025 . It is revealed that after Oliver , the couple had a second child , a daughter named Leslie .
Credits are adapted from the Miike Snow liner notes .
Many years later a related term " Fighter Mafia " described those within the Air Force that favoured light weight fighters good at dog @-@ fighting instead of heavy missile @-@ firing fighters .
Harold L. George , leading theorist
Henry H. " Hap " Arnold
Muir S. Fairchild ( also an ACTS instructor )
Haywood S. Hansell , Jr . ( also an ACTS instructor )
Laurence S. Kuter ( also an ACTS instructor )
Emmett " Rosie " O 'Donnell , Jr .
The entire highway is in Shiawassee County .
A film adaption of Ico may come about based on the success of the adaptation of Shadow of the Colossus being created by Misher Films in conjunction with Sony and Fumito Ueda .
Note : Mileposts in Nevada reset at county lines ; the start and end mileposts for each county are given in the county column .
During 2011 an exhibition was hosted at the Tower with fine wire sculptures by Kendra Haste .
The peninsula now houses the clubhouse and marina of the Armdale Yacht Club . Melville Island has been the subject of a number of cultural works , most of which concern its use as a prison .
Diseases encountered among the immigrants included smallpox , typhus , and yellow fever . There were 37 recorded deaths .
Mineral veins , some with deposits of the lead ore galena , do exist within Helvellyn ’ s rocks , but attempts to find sufficient quantities of lead to be worth mining have not been successful .
Among many human feats upon the mountain , one of the strangest was the landing and take @-@ off of a small aeroplane on the summit in 1926 .
Like much of the main ridge of the range , Helvellyn stands on the watershed between Thirlmere and the Derwent river system to the west , and Ullswater and the Eden river system to the east .
A total of five ridges diverge from the summit ridge of Helvellyn at different points .
The north ridge , the main ridge of the range , also descends from Lower Man , passing over White Side and Raise to Sticks Pass , then over <unk> Dodd and Great Dodd to terminate at Clough Head .
The north @-@ east ridge is known as Swirral Edge , a sharp arête which joins the summit ridge at a point half @-@ way along , and which terminates in the shapely pyramid of Catstye Cam .
The south ridge continues the main ridge of the Helvellyn range over Nethermost Pike , High Crag and <unk> Pike to terminate at Grisedale Tarn .
The whole of Helvellyn , above the conifer plantations to the west and the intake walls surrounding the valleys of Glenridding and Grisedale to the east , is Open Access land .
Striding Edge is a popular route which involves some scrambling , linking the summit ridge of <unk> Moor to Helvellyn 's summit by what becomes a sharp arête .
Stannah at Legburthwaite is the starting point for the bridleway to Sticks Pass , from which Helvellyn can be approached along the main ridge track from the north .
Helvellyn can also be included in a circular walk from Patterdale : up Striding Edge , down to Grisedale Tarn and back over St Sunday Crag .
Nethermost Cove also has some routes , including a large gully between Striding Edge and the back of the cove .
Browncove Crags on the western side of the mountain has some north @-@ facing routes . These are easier to access from a car park , and they can be linked with the Red Tarn routes .
A further fatality on Striding Edge in 1858 is commemorated by the Dixon Memorial . Robert Dixon from Patterdale was killed while following <unk> on the ridge .
A ground party had cleared and marked a landing strip . Attempts on 15 December and on 21 December were abandoned .
A stone tablet on Helvellyn , 40 yards ( 37 m ) south of the shelter , commemorates this landing .
Two unsuccessful attempts to find lead ore on Helvellyn have been made .
Brown Cove Mine was high up at the head of Brown Cove , where some disused spoil heaps remain , with a couple of levels , one of which ran about 70 m ( 80 yd ) into the mountainside .
Some political observers considered Preckwinkle a potentially viable candidate in the 2015 Chicago mayoral election .
Following the self @-@ titled debut , Noel Gallagher 's High Flying Birds released their second album Chasing Yesterday March 2 , 2015 .
Noel Gallagher has confirmed he is working on High Flying Birds ' third album .
However , on the last Oasis albums , his increasing role as lead singer , apparently to compensate for his diminished role as songwriter , caused some tension with Liam .
Gallagher was passionate in his support for Barack Obama 's successful bid for US President , calling his acceptance speech to the 2008 Democratic National Convention " spellbinding " .
In October 2011 , Gallagher told Newsnight he believed the then Labour leader Ed Miliband was " utterly uninspiring and dull " , and said he had no idea what he stood for .
And now the Conservatives are just ... I mean [ ... ] David Cameron , he 's trying to be your mate . " Oh , I really like The Jam . "
Epiphone Les Paul – Gallagher played a cherry sunburst model in the early years of Oasis .
Fender Telecaster – Gallagher uses several , one of which , a ' 60s model , was given to Noel by Johnny Depp as a birthday present .
After the scandal McKinsey instituted new policies and procedures to discourage future indiscretions from consultants , including investigating other partners ' ties to Gupta .
Since 1990 , McKinsey has been publishing Valuation : Measuring and Managing the Value of Companies , a popular textbook on valuation . The book is now available in its sixth edition .
The entire highway is in Fife Lake Township , Grand Traverse County .
The ultimate fate of a globular cluster must be either to accrete stars at its core , causing its steady contraction , or gradual shedding of stars from its outer layers .
Astronomers are searching for exoplanets of stars in globular star clusters .
NASA Astrophysics Data System has a collection of past articles , from all major astrophysics journals and many conference proceedings .
Fungus beetle species known to inhabit and rear their young in the fruit bodies of Hapalopilus nidulans include <unk> affinis , <unk> axillaris , H. <unk> , and <unk> fasciata .
Hapalopilus nidulans is highly appreciated by those who make mushroom dyes . When used in combination with alkaline fixatives , the fruit bodies can produce striking violet colors .
While most public works issues were handled by Public Works Minister Cushing , following the 1909 election Rutherford named himself as the province 's first Minister of Railways .
During the end credits , Jesus dejectedly sings , " Happy Birthday " to himself alone in his television studio .
The 2015 film Ex Machina puts a film noir spin on the Frankenstein mythos , with the femme fatale sentient android Ava manipulating outsider Caleb to perform a crime against her creator Nathan .
The second trade paperback collection immediately appeared at the top of the New York Times graphic books best @-@ seller list .
The fourth volume was awarded the Goodreads Choice Award for Graphic Novels & Comics in 2015 .
The entire route is in Skaneateles , Onondaga County .
Low also used a green silk flag with a yellow figure of a man blowing a trumpet ; this Green Trumpeter was hoisted on the mizzen peak to call his fleet 's captains to meetings aboard the flagship .
It is likely that both reports are correct and that Low and Lowther shared the same articles , with Low 's two extra articles being an <unk> , or amendment , adopted after the two crews separated .
I. The Captain is to have two full Shares ; the [ Quarter ] Master is to have one Share and one Half ; The Doctor , Mate , Gunner and Boatswain , one Share and one Quarter .
III . He that shall be found Guilty of <unk> in the time of <unk> , shall suffer what Punishment the Captain and the Majority of the Company shall think fit .
V. He that is found Guilty of Gaming , or <unk> one another to the value of a Royal of Plate , shall suffer what Punishment the Captain and the Majority of the Company shall think fit .
VI . He that shall have the Misfortune to loose a Limb in time of Engagement , shall have the Sum of Six hundred pieces of Eight , and remain aboard as long as he shall think fit .
VII . Good Quarters to be given when <unk> .
VIII . He that sees a Sail first , shall have the best Pistol or Small Arm aboard of her .
IX . He that shall be guilty of Drunkenness in time of Engagement shall suffer what Punishment the Captain and Majority of the Company shall think fit .
X. No <unk> of Guns in the <unk> .
Some of Low 's haunts , such as the waters around the Isles of Shoals off New Hampshire and Isle Haute in Nova Scotia , attract treasure hunters who seek artifacts in the ships he sank .
With the Rollins Band , his lyrics focused " almost exclusively on issues relating to personal integrity , " according to critic Geoffrey Welchman .
In 1995 , Henry Rollins produced Australian hard rock band the Mark of Cain 's third full @-@ length album Ill at Ease .
Rollins has included Cole 's story in his spoken word performances .
The Devil 's Tomb ( 2009 ) , with Cuba Gooding , Jr. and Ron Perlman
Rollins was a playable character in both Def Jam : Fight for NY and Def Jam Fight for NY : The Takeover . Rollins is also the voice of Mace Griffin in Mace Griffin : Bounty Hunter .
I Am an Audiophile , an editorial essay in Stereophile magazine .
Iron and The Soul , an editorial essay in Details magazine .
Ulla is at once a nymph of the taverns and a goddess of a rococo universe of graceful and hot imaginings .
Bellman was a gifted entertainer and mimic . He was able to
King Gustav III called Bellman " Il signor <unk> " ( The master improviser ) .
Bellman has been compared with poets and musicians as diverse as Shakespeare and Beethoven . Åse Kleveland notes that he has been called " Swedish poetry 's Mozart , and Hogarth " , observing that
Britten Austin , Paul . Carl Michael Bellman : Sweden 's Shakespeare of the Guitar Song . Stockholm : Proprius , 1998 .
Van Loon , Hendrik Willem and Grace <unk> . The Last of the Troubadours . New York : Simon and Schuster , 1939 .
All songs written by Rich and Chris Robinson .
In June 1997 , Kariya was again nominated for the Jean Beliveau Award , alongside Gregg , but lost to Bobby Orr .
As captain of the Mighty Ducks , Kariya made a cameo appearance in Disney 's D3 : The Mighty Ducks movie , which was released in October 1996 .
The scene in which Homer is running through town after he got his hair is a reference to the film It 's a Wonderful Life .
The scene in which Homer receives the key to the executive washroom is a reference to the movie Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter ? .
The title of the episode is a reference to Cecil B. DeMille 's Biblical film Samson and Delilah .
During the pontificate of John Paul II , two members of Opus Dei , Juan Luis Cipriani Thorne and Julián Herranz Casado , were made cardinals .
In September 2005 , Pope Benedict XVI blessed a newly installed statue of Josemaría Escrivá placed in an outside wall niche of St Peter 's Basilica , a place for founders of Catholic organisations .
In 2014 , Pope Francis through a delegate beatified Alvaro del Portillo and said that " he teaches us that in the simplicity and ordinariness of our life we can find a sure path to holiness .
Different qualifiers have been used to describe Opus Dei 's doctrine : radical , reactionary , faithful , revolutionary , ultraconservative , most modern , <unk> and liberal .
Spiritual reading and reading the New Testament , a practice recommended by St. Paul and other saints
Short , spontaneous prayers throughout the day , offering up to God one 's work , sufferings etc .
Associates are unmarried , celibate faithful who typically have family or professional obligations . Unlike numeraries and <unk> assistants , the associates do not live in Opus Dei centres .
In accordance with Catholic theology , membership is granted when a vocation , or divine calling is presumed to have occurred .
Opus Dei has also been accused of elitism through targeting of " the intellectual elite , the well @-@ to @-@ do , and the socially prominent . "
Damien , a 2016 television series based on The Omen has the organisation .
St. Josemaría Escrivá Historical Institute , Rome
YouTube Channel – St. Josemaria
Opus Dei in the United States – by Father James Martin , S.J.
Zink , Michel ( 1979 ) . Roman rose et rose rouge : Le Roman de la rose ou de Guillaume de Dole , de Jean Renart . Paris : <unk> .
Contains a sample from " Tarzan & Jane Swingin ' on a Vine " from Run To Cadence With U.S. Marines .
Credits are adapted from the liner notes of Back to Basics .
Awarded the Brunswick @-@ Balke Collender Cup and named APFA Champions.Note : Tie games were not officially counted in the standings until 1972 .
This novel was also serialised over four issues of Playboy from April through July 1965 .
Wise 's case was covered in a 2008 episode of the Investigation Discovery network series Deadly Women .
All players who made an appearance for the Phillies during 2009 are included .
The Phillies played the New York Yankees in a three @-@ game series over the Memorial Day weekend during the regular season in May . Rollins said :
How great would that be ? A World Series here , us against the Yankees ? … We 've proved we can put on a pretty good show .
The Phillie <unk> was awarded the " Great Friend to Kids " Award by the Please Touch Museum ( the Children 's Museum of Philadelphia ) .
All statistics are current through the 2009 regular season .
The principal cast members of the major productions of American Idiot .
A production will open in Rio de Janeiro on January 2017 .
The show features all of the songs from the album American Idiot , some B @-@ tracks and a few of the songs from Green Day 's 21st Century Breakdown . The show also features an onstage band .
The following is a month @-@ by @-@ month breakdown of sales , attendance , and performance data for the production at the 1 @,@ 709 @-@ capacity St. James Theatre .
Sportscaster Bob Costas guest @-@ starred in the episode as a caricature of himself .
The Spanish government was furious about the raid , which was seen as a breach of the country 's neutrality . The foreign minister Serrano <unk> described the operation as an :
Outside of his playing career , Rehman is known for being an ambassador for Kick It Out and the Show Racism the Red Card campaign , and his efforts to help British Asian players .
As of 5 September 2013 .
In August 1993 , Leonard L. Tsumba replaced K. Moyana as governor of the Reserve Bank . The banknotes which carried his signature are referred to as the Leonard Tsumba series .
Special prefixes were allocated for Replacement banknotes of Zimbabwe . The prefixes used were as follows :
Another species in Australia with a similar physique , Steatoda capensis , has been termed the " false redback spider " , but it is uniformly black ( or plum ) , and does not display the red stripe .
The closest relatives of hemipterans are the thrips and lice , which collectively form the " <unk> assemblage " within the Exopterygota .
Hemipterans make use of a variety of modes of locomotion including swimming , skating on a water surface and jumping , as well as walking and flying like other insects .
In contrast , most Sternorrhyncha females are sedentary or completely sessile , attached to their host plants by their thin feeding stylets which cannot be taken out of the plant quickly .
Among the bugs , cicadas in particular have been used as money , in folk medicine , to forecast the weather , to provide song ( in China ) , and in folklore and myths around the world .
In addition to the area 's use as a wildlife refuge , it has anthropological significance with the indigenous Noongar people having strong cultural links there .
Major populations of three nationally endangered species exist in the woodlands : the <unk> , the red tailed <unk> , and over 50 percent of the total known population of numbat .
Almost all of the land within the complex today was classified as a state forest in 1903 as an area for the protection of water catchments and growing wandoo and mallet forests .
In addition , various 30 minute to five @-@ hour <unk> can be made along signposted trails through the woodlands , ranging in length from one to 12 @.@ 5 kilometres .
Although the winds and rain of the hurricane did not reach as far south as the islands of Trinidad and Tobago , sea swells on the east coast killed two people as they tried to secure a boat .
All songs by Super Furry Animals unless otherwise stated .
The University of Colorado Denver | Anschutz Medical Campus ( sic ) is a public research university in the U.S. state of Colorado . It is part of the University of Colorado system .
Mark A. Heckler , founding dean of its College of Arts and Media
Nobel Laureate Tom Cech , of CU Boulder , is an affiliated faculty with CU Denver 's Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Genetics .
Leo Franca from the Department of Mathematical and Statistical Sciences has developed stabilized finite elements , important in computational mechanics and engineering simulation .
Lawrence Hunter is the founder of the International Society for Computational Biology , the world 's oldest and largest professional organization for bioinformatics and computational biology .
Tom <unk> conducted the first liver transplant in the world at CU 's medical school , and is considered " the father of modern transplantation . "
Henry Swan revolutionized open heart surgery at the Department of Surgery , pioneering investigations and clinical application of hypothermia in cardiac surgery .
James Holmes , killer in the 2012 Aurora shooting ( incomplete Ph.D. program )
draw ; Red = opponents win .
draw ; Red = opponents win .
Points allocation : Three points awarded for a win ; one for a drawn match ; none for a loss .
draw ; Red = opponents win .
draw ; Red = opponents win .
draw ; Red = opponents win .
United were drawn in Group D , quickly labelled the competition 's " group of death " , along with Spanish club Barcelona , German champions Bayern Munich and Danish side Brøndby .
United inflicted two heavy defeats on Brøndby , beating them 6 – 2 in Copenhagen and 5 – 0 at Old Trafford .
Results in the other groups meant that a second @-@ place finish was enough for United to progress into the quarter @-@ finals , joining group leaders Bayern Munich .
draw ; Red = opponents win .
Points allocation : Three points awarded for a win ; one for a drawn match ; none for a loss .
In the knockout stage United played two Italian sides in the quarter and semi @-@ finals , Internazionale and Juventus respectively ; United had never won on an Italian pitch .
draw ; Red = opponents win .
United 's only winter arrival was Bojan <unk> , who signed for an undisclosed fee on 17 February .
His young replacement is known as William Windsor II .
The power station also has a jetty ( see § Jetty ) - imports via the jetty ended <unk> - in 2004 the jetty was trialled for the import of Tall Oil by barge .
In addition to burning coal , the station also co @-@ fires coal with biomass and petroleum coke ( ' petcoke ' ) .
The entire route is in Lehigh County .
Surfin ' Bird then plays as the credits roll .
The following table lists the major junctions along Highway 148 , as noted by the Ministry of Transportation of Ontario . The entire route is located in Renfrew County .
Casey , Hugh J. , ed . ( 1951 ) . Airfield and Base Development . Engineers of the Southwest Pacific . Washington , D.C. : United States Government Printing Office . OCLC <unk> .
Songwriting – Kinda " Kee " Hamid , David Guetta , Giorgio Tuinfort , Frédéric Riesterer , Madonna , Patrick Leonard .
Early Stoa , from the founding of the school by Zeno to Antipater .
Middle Stoa , including <unk> and Posidonius .
Late Stoa , including <unk> Rufus , Seneca , Epictetus , and Marcus Aurelius .
No complete work by any Stoic philosopher survives from the first two phases of Stoicism . Only Roman texts from the Late Stoa survive .
They held that there were four categories .
temperance ( <unk> ) .
In his Meditations , Marcus Aurelius defines several such practices . For example , in Book <unk> :
Stoic influence can also be seen in the works of St. Ambrose , Marcus Minucius Felix , and Tertullian .
Aristo of Chios ( fl . 260 BC ) , pupil of Zeno ;
Posidonius of <unk> ( c . 135 BC – 51 BC )
Diodotus ( c . 120 BC – 59 BC ) , teacher of Cicero
Brooke , Christopher . Philosophic Pride : Stoicism and Political Thought from Lipsius to Rousseau ( Princeton UP , 2012 ) excerpts
Inwood , Brad ( ed . ) , The Cambridge Companion to The Stoics ( Cambridge : Cambridge University Press , 2003 )
Zeller , Eduard ; Reichel , Oswald J. , The Stoics , Epicureans and Sceptics , Longmans , Green , and Co . , 1892
All lyrics written by Ichiro Yamaguchi .
Personnel details were sourced from Kikuuiki 's liner notes booklet .
Note : Teams that qualified for the playoffs are highlighted in bold .
Shooting at prescribed targets at 40 @-@ 50 paces while skiing downhill at " top speed " ( precursor to biathlon ) .
Downhill racing on large slopes without " riding or resting on their stick " or falling ( precursor to downhill racing ) .
FIS Cross @-@ Country World Cup : each year medalists are announced who have the highest total scores at the end of the World Cup season .
The Tour de Ski : held annually since 2006 , modeled on the Tour de France , held in the Czech Republic , Germany , Italy , and Switzerland .
Adding one minute to the skier 's total time .
Use of an extra cartridge ( placed at the shooting range ) to hit the target ; only three such extras are available for each round , and a penalty loop must be made for each target left standing .
Standing skiers with arm impairments , leg impairments or with both arm and leg impairments .
Sit @-@ Skiers , all with leg impairments , but with varying degrees of torso control .
Skiers with visual impairment including blindness , low visual acuity , and limited field of vision .
Racing ski poles are usually made from carbon fiber and feature smaller , lighter baskets than recreational poles . Poles designed for skating are longer than those designed for classic skiing .
Technical skills specific to cross @-@ country ski racing .
Physiological and motor skills addressing physical fitness , strength , power , and endurance .
Psychological and sociological skills , emphasizing sound relationships and the mental skills required for competition .
Training and competition performance , addressing goal @-@ directed training to achieve favorable competition results .
Equipment selection , use , and maintenance of the athlete 's skis , boots , bindings , wax , clothing , and poles necessary to success .
Education that eventually allows the athlete to become his or her own coach .
Aerobic : Low @-@ intensity , aerobic training ( at 60 @-@ 70 % of an athlete 's maximum intensity ) should consume most of the training hours for endurance athletes .
Strength : Strength training improves flexibility and joint motion to minimize injury and to improve overall strength , not addressed by sport @-@ specific training .
Lactate Threshold : This level builds an efficient base speed by training the body to convert blood lactate into energy , rather than creating a sensation of tired muscles .
VO2 max : This level uses interval training to build the athlete 's VO2 max — volume of oxygen that the lungs pass into the musculature via the cardiovascular system .
Speed : This level of training addresses the athlete 's ability to sprint and is neuromuscular , essentially training the muscles to move quickly .
The identification ( a group isomorphism ) of the homotopy group with the integers is often written as an equality : thus π1 ( S1 ) = Z.
These two results generalize : for all n > 0 , πn ( Sn ) = Z ( see below ) .
This result <unk> to higher dimensions . All mappings from a lower @-@ dimensional sphere into a sphere of higher dimension are similarly trivial : if i < n , then πi ( Sn ) = 0 .
Beyond these two rows , the higher homotopy groups ( i > n ) appear to be chaotic , but in fact there are many patterns , some obvious and some very subtle .
The groups below the jagged black line are constant along the diagonals ( as indicated by the red , green and blue coloring ) .
Most of the groups are finite . The only unstable groups which are not are either on the main diagonal or immediately above the jagged line ( highlighted in yellow ) .
The third and fourth rows of the table are the same starting in the third column ( i.e. , πi ( S2 ) =
πi ( S3 ) for i ≥ 3 ) . This isomorphism is induced by the Hopf fibration S3 → S2 .
These patterns follow from many different theoretical results .
the first non @-@ trivial case of the Hopf invariant one problem , because such a fibration would imply that the failed relation is true .
a cyclic group of order equal to the denominator of <unk> / 4n , where <unk> is a Bernoulli number , if k ≡ 3 ( mod 4 ) .
Z implies the Brouwer fixed point theorem that every continuous map from the n @-@ dimensional ball to itself has a fixed point .
Tables of homotopy groups of spheres are most conveniently organized by showing πn + k ( Sn ) .
The entry " ⋅ " denotes the trivial group .
Where the entry is an integer , m , the homotopy group is the cyclic group of that order ( generally written <unk> ) .
Where the entry is ∞ , the homotopy group is the infinite cyclic group , Z.
Z × Z2 × Z2 × Z2 , which is denoted by ∞ ⋅ 23 in the table .
Čech , Eduard ( 1932 ) , " <unk> <unk> " , <unk> des <unk> <unk> , Zürich ( Orell <unk> ) .
A.B. Quintanilla – writer
All your work is going to be judged by him . Your reputation and the future are in his hands . All your work is for him , and the fate of nations and humanity is also in his hands .
So it might be well to pay him some attention now .
The album version of " Lazer Beam " is 4 minutes 55 seconds long and is in the key of A major . This version appeared on all commercially released singles containing the track .
Two years after the song 's release the NME described " Lazer Beam " as " the worst Furries song ever " in their review of the band 's eighth album Hey Venus ! .
Two music videos were produced to accompany the release of " Lazer Beam " as a single . Both feature the radio edit of the track .
All songs by Super Furry Animals .
A Danger Mouse remix of the track was also made available as a free download from the Love Kraft album website .
Credits adapted from the liner notes of Loud .
Since 2014 , Dylan has commentated a few Super Smash Bros. tournaments .
Following their graduation , the two have disclosed they will possibly get back to their acting careers and take time to pursue their other interests such as photography and modeling .
In the final scene , Peter introduces footage of an ape scratching himself as a public service announcement from the March of Dimes Foundation .
In 2005 Esham joined forces with Insane Clown Posse and <unk> to release the <unk> <unk> album , Furious .
Following this release , Esham left Psychopathic in 2005 to relaunch Reel Life / Gothom .
The entire route is in Miami Township , Greene County .
Robert MacNaughton as Michael , Elliott 's football playing 15 @-@ year @-@ old brother who often makes fun of him . He saves E.T. ' s life .
Drew Barrymore as Gertie , Elliott 's mischievous 5 @-@ year @-@ old sister who is sarcastic and initially terrified of E.T. but grows to love him .
Dee Wallace as Mary , the children 's mother , recently separated from her husband . She is mostly oblivious to E.T. ' s presence in her house .
Pat Welsh as the voice of E.T. ( Short for Extra @-@ Terrestrial ) , the friendly , cute , charming , sweet , lovable alien that Elliot adopted and helped to bring him to his home planet .
K. C. Martel , Sean Frye and C. Thomas Howell as Michael 's friends Greg , Steve , and Tyler . They help Elliott and E.T. evade the authorities during the film 's climax .
Erika <unk> as the young girl Elliott kisses in class .
E.T. is an upcoming playable character in the crossover video game Lego Dimensions and will include the phone he used .
Credits adapted from the liner notes of " Electric " .
In fiction , the protagonist of Stephen Baxter 's Manifold : Time names his spaceship the Gerard K. O 'Neill .
As of November , 2013 , Gerard O 'Neill 's papers and work are now located in the archives at the Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum , Steven F. Udvar @-@ Hazy Center .
O 'Neill was granted six patents in total ( two posthumously ) in the areas of global position determination and magnetic levitation .
He also was the headliner of the Festival des <unk> <unk> in Brittany , France in July , his only tour stop in France . His son Evan participated in the concert , playing guitar .
Several of the tour 's festival appearances aired on television or radio during 2009 .
In conjunction with the Fourth of July holiday in the U.S. , E Street Radio featured 45 minutes from the July 3 Frankfurt Commerzbank Arena show .
Subsequently the Latin cities of <unk> , old <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> and <unk> were subdued and became Roman .
Tarquin also agreed to a peace with the Aequi , and renewed the treaty of peace between Rome and the Etruscans . According to the Fasti Triumphales , Tarquin also won a victory over the Sabines .
Under Lucius Mummius , Corinth was destroyed following a siege in 146 BC , leading to the surrender and thus conquest of the Achaean League ( see Battle of Corinth ) .
Octavian went on to become Emperor under the name Augustus and , in the absence of political assassins or usurpers , was able to greatly expand the borders of the Empire .
Successive emperors Valens and Theodosius I also defeated usurpers in , respectively , the Battle of <unk> , and the battles of the Save and the <unk> .
Reverend G.N. Godwin 's Civil War in Hampshire ( 1882 )
Which ys man made , and bade this world good @-@ night .
This is his Tombe ; that Church his Monument .
Ricardus Boles , <unk> in Art . Mag .
Winton , 16 December . Ralf Hopton .
The first steam trams of Léon <unk> 's design soon appeared on the Maromme line and coexisted with the horse @-@ drawn tramways that served the city centre .
Listen to the Rain on the Roof is a lyric from the song Rain on the Roof from the Stephen Sondheim musical Follies .
Robert Davi as Franz Sanchez , the most powerful drug lord in Latin America , mentioned as having been wanted by the DEA for years .
Pedro Armendáriz , Jr. as President Hector Lopez , the president of Isthmus
Grand L. Bush as Hawkins , a DEA Agent who opposes Bond 's vendetta
The Licence to Kill screenplay was written into a novel by the then @-@ novelist of the Bond series John Gardner . It was the first of those novels since Moonraker in 1979 .
Mediterranean food is incredibly popular : pasta , pizza , gyros , kebab , and falafel can be found just about everywhere . Food experts and cookbook authors adore Mediterranean cuisine ...
James Gregory Meredith ( born 4 April 1988 ) is an Australian professional footballer who plays as a defender for League One club Bradford City .
The entire highway is in Lenawee County .
A. b. cokii ( Günther , 1884 ) : Known as Coke 's hartebeest or kongoni . Native to and confined within Kenya and northern Tanzania .
Lichtenstein 's hartebeest is listed as Least Concern , and occurs in protected areas such as the Selous Game Reserve and in the wild in southern and western Tanzania and Zambia .
Credits and personnel adapted from Like a Prayer album liner notes .
The kick off from the middle must be a place kick .
Kick out must not be more than 25 yards [ 23 m ] out of goal .
A fair catch is a catch from any player provided the ball has not touched the ground or has not been thrown from touch and is entitled to a free @-@ kick .
Charging is fair in case of a place kick ( with the exception of a kick off as soon as a player offers to kick ) but he may always draw back unless he has actually touched the ball with his foot .
Pushing with the hands is allowed but no hacking or tripping up is fair under any circumstances whatever .
No player may be held or pulled over .
It is not lawful to take the ball off the ground ( except in touch ) for any purpose whatever .
The ball may be pushed or hit with the hand , but holding the ball except in the case of a free kick is altogether disallowed .
A goal must be kicked but not from touch nor by a free kick from a catch .
A ball in touch is dead , consequently the side that touches it down must bring it to the edge of the touch and throw it straight out from touch .
Each player must provide himself with a red and dark blue flannel cap , one colour to be worn by each side .
On March 8 , 1964 , Malcolm X announced that he was leaving the Nation of Islam . He and Betty X , now known as Betty Shabazz , became Sunni Muslims .
Shabazz returned from Mecca with a new name that a fellow pilgrim had bestowed upon her , <unk> ( meaning " beautiful and radiant " ) .
As her daughters grew older , Shabazz sent them to private schools and summer camps . They joined Jack and Jill , a social club for the children of well @-@ off African Americans .
Shabazz joined Delta Sigma Theta in April 1974 .
All songs by Super Furry Animals unless otherwise stated .
In November 1942 , the brigade now commanded by Brigadier Edwin Flavell , was detached from 1st Airborne Division , to take part in Operation Torch , the Allied landings in French North Africa .
All songs written and composed by Lennon @-@ McCartney , except " Only a Northern Song " and " It 's All Too Much " , by George Harrison .
All songs written and composed by George Martin , except " Yellow Submarine in Pepperland " , by Lennon @-@ McCartney .
BPI certification awarded only for sales since 1994 .
I was struck by the extraordinary mathematical results contained in it [ the notebooks ] . I had no mind to smother his genius by an appointment in the lowest rungs of the revenue department .
This might be compared to <unk> numbers , which have class number 1 and yield similar formulae .
One of Ramanujan 's remarkable capabilities was the rapid solution of problems . Once , a roommate of his , P. C. Mahalanobis , posed the following problem :
The number 1729 is known as the Hardy – Ramanujan number after a famous visit by Hardy to see Ramanujan at a hospital . In Hardy 's words :
Immediately before this anecdote , Hardy quoted Littlewood as saying , " Every positive integer was one of [ Ramanujan 's ] personal friends . "
Generalizations of this idea have created the notion of " taxicab numbers " .
The thriller novel The <unk> Trail by M N Krish weaves Ramanujan and his accidental discovery into its plot connecting religion , mathematics , finance and economics .
The Man Who Knew Infinity is a film based on the book The Man Who Knew Infinity : A Life of the Genius Ramanujan by Robert <unk> . In the film , Ramanujan is portrayed by British actor Dev Patel .
A Disappearing Number is a recent British stage production by the company <unk> that explores the relationship between Hardy and Ramanujan .
The novel The Indian Clerk by David Leavitt explores in fiction the events following Ramanujan 's letter to Hardy .
Google honoured him on his 125th birth anniversary by replacing its logo with a doodle on its home page .
O 'Connor , John J. ; Robertson , Edmund F. , " Srinivasa Ramanujan " , MacTutor History of Mathematics archive , University of St Andrews .
International Math Union Prizes , including a Ramanujan Prize .
Clark , Alex . " 163 and Ramanujan Constant " . <unk> . Brady Haran .
Credits are taken from Dangerously in Love liner notes .
The video was also included on the video albums : HIStory on Film , Volume II , Number Ones and Michael Jackson 's Vision .
The Inner Hebrides including Skye , Islay , Jura , Mull and Iona .
The islands of the Firth of Clyde some 140 kilometres ( 87 mi ) to the south , the largest of which are Bute and Arran .
No Norse place names have been found on the northern Scottish mainland south of Beauly and so far no archaeological evidence of Norse activity has been found in the north @-@ west mainland .
Place name evidence of Scandinavian settlement is very limited on the east coast and in the south @-@ east Anglian was the predominant influence during this period of history .
Dragon Warrior 's plot is a simplistic medieval " rescue the princess , slay the <unk> , and get the orb of light " story .
In 2004 , the game , along with its sequel , were remade for mobile phones in Japan . This version is graphically based on the Super Famicom remake of Dragon Quest III .
Dragon Warrior has inspired related media in the form of a manga series , which has been adapted to anime , and a symphonic video game soundtrack .
The involvement of the local population and institutions , in relatively high numbers , in the destruction of Lithuanian Jewry became a defining factor of the Holocaust in Lithuania .
On July 9 , 1787 , during a brief return to Virginia , Greenup married Mary Catherine ( " Cathy " ) Pope of Hanover County , Virginia ; the couple had two children – Nancy and William . [ b ]
The 2004 TV Land Award for " Future Classic " , the first recognition the series received . The award presentation is included on the season one DVD release .
The 2005 Golden Globe Award for Best Performance by an Actor in a Television Series – Musical or Comedy for Jason Bateman .
The 2004 Writers Guild of America Award for Episodic Comedy , for the episode " Pier Pressure " , written by Mitchell Hurwitz and Jim Vallely .
The 2005 Young Artist Award for Best Performance in a TV Series ( Comedy or Drama ) – Supporting Young Actress for Alia Shawkat .
The Basílica Menor de San Sebastián , better known as San Sebastian Church , is a Roman Catholic minor basilica in Manila , Philippines and the seat of the Parish of San Sebastian .
All songs written and composed by Kim Deal , except where noted .
P.T. received critical acclaim for its direction , visuals , story complexity , and supernatural tension , but was both criticized and acclaimed for the puzzles and solutions .
Christopher Grant from Polygon likened P.T. to Pixar 's animated shorts shown before its full @-@ length animated feature films .
The heavy BM @-@ 31 launcher was also referred to as <unk> ( <unk> , an affectionate diminutive of " Andrew " ) .
The distinctive howling sound of the rocket launching terrified the German troops and could be used for psychological warfare .
x is a model of a missile .
y is a number of launch rails / tubes .
Note : There was also an experimental KV @-@ 1K – Katyusha mounted on KV @-@ 1 tank which was not taken in service .
The M @-@ 8 and M @-@ 13 rocket could also be fitted with smoke warheads , although this was not common .
Some allege that the CIA bought Katyushas from the Egyptian military and supplied them to the Mujahideen ( via Pakistan 's ISI ) during the Soviet Afghan war .
Katyusha rockets were reportedly used by both Gaddafi Loyalists and anti @-@ Gaddafi forces during the Libyan Civil War .
Also , several countries have continued to build and operate Katyusha @-@ like systems well into the 21st century , as for example the Teruel MRL of the Spanish Army .
In February 2013 , the Defense Ministry of Yemen reported seizing an Iranian ship , and that the ship 's cargo included ( among its other weapons ) Katyusha rockets .
Bell 's career at Michigan was among the best in school history to that point . His school records included :
Bell 's 28 career rushing touchdowns ranked third in school history , behind Billy Taylor and Tom Harmon .
Bell finished his career at Michigan ranked second behind Bob Nussbaumer in career yards per carry and now ranks ninth .
Bell 's 535 career carries was second to Billy Taylor at the time of Bell 's graduation . It now ranks tenth .
Bell ranked third in career all @-@ purpose yards ( behind Ron Johnson and Billy Taylor ) .
After retiring from football , Bell ran a barbecue restaurant in Dayton , Ohio . He later sold radio advertising in Detroit , Michigan and Chicago , Illinois .
René Elizondo , Jr . - songwriter
Since its actual mass is approximately 14 times that of Jupiter , and its star 's metallicity is similar to that of the Sun , Upsilon Andromedae c may actually be a small brown dwarf .
Like Vancouver , Coquitlam is in the Pacific Time Zone ( winter UTC − 8 , summer UTC − 7 ) , and the Pacific Maritime Ecozone .
Coquitlam 's geographic shape can be thought of as a tilted hourglass , with two larger parcels of land with a smaller central section connecting them .
Harvesting and Research 0 @.@ 00 ha ( 0 @.@ 0 acres )
The Tri @-@ Cities Chamber of Commerce has over 900 members including businesses , professionals , residents and other community groups , governed by a 14 @-@ person volunteer Board of Directors .
Greyhound Canada has a bus depot in south Coquitlam for both passenger and package service .
Like all other municipalities in British Columbia , Coquitlam 's ambulance service is run by the British Columbia Ambulance Service .
Coquitlam was designated as a Cultural Capital of Canada in 2009 by the Department of Canadian Heritage .
The city manages four all @-@ age community centres ( Centennial , <unk> , Poirier , Summit ) , and two senior community centres ( Dogwood Pavilion , Glen Pine Pavilion ) .
Track and Field - Coquitlam is home to the Coquitlam Cheetahs track and field club , who train at Percy Perry Stadium , which was named after their former coach who died in 2005 .
In addition to the other Metro Vancouver media outlets , <unk> @-@ FM was the first radio station dedicated to the Tri @-@ Cities area when it took to the air in 2009 .
Coquitlam is served by two bi @-@ weekly newspapers , the Tri @-@ City News and Coquitlam Now .
Actor Taylor Kitsch graduated from <unk> Secondary in 1999 , and went on to star in movies such as John Carter and Battleship , and the television series Friday Night Lights .
Model and host of MTV Select and G4techTV Amanda MacKay also attended Centennial Secondary where she started her journalism career writing for the school 's student newspaper .
American political analyst and former Fox News co @-@ host , Rachel Marsden , was raised in Northeast Coquitlam 's Burke Mountain area .
Ard Rí ( Gaelic : High King ) was a Scottish tafl variant played on a 9 × 9 board with a king and eight defenders against sixteen attackers . This is the least documented of the known tafl variants .
The game is played on a 9 × 9 board . Initial setup is as shown in the diagram .
The king starts on the central square or castle , called the konakis , which no other piece may ever occupy .
The eight defenders , called Swedes , start on the eight squares adjoining the konakis , in the form of a cross .
All remaining squares ( neutral zone ) may be occupied by any piece during the game .
Any piece may move any number of vacant spaces in any straight line [ ← ↑ → ↓ ] , but not diagonally . ( Compare to the rook in Chess . )
No piece may ever pass over another piece in its path .
Any piece , save for the king , may be captured and removed from the board if it becomes surrounded on two opposite sides by enemies . ( This is known as custodial capture . )
If the king is surrounded on all four sides by enemies , he is taken prisoner . If he is surrounded on three sides , he may escape by the fourth .
If the king is captured , the Swedes are conquered and the Muscovites victorious .
Ved Vejen has been translated into English as Katinka .
Final Fantasy XIII has been released on iOS devices including Apple TV , Android devices including Google <unk> and the Amazon Appstore in Japan . It has also been released on PlayStation Now .
The music in the film is performed by various artists , such as Louis Armstrong and Ella Fitzgerald , Frank Sinatra , Ray Charles , Bing Crosby , and Harry Connick Jr .
Customer : " I 'll have what she 's having . " - # 33
The entire route is in Sussex County .
In addition to being a popular and well @-@ known preacher , Skarga was the author of numerous theological texts and polemics , and it is as a writer that his fame has endured .
Lives of the Saints ( Żywoty świętych , 1579 , 8 editions in his lifetime ) .
Sejm Sermons ( Kazania <unk> , 1597 , published posthumously ) .
Soldiers ' Devotions ( <unk> <unk> , 1606 ) .
The descent , bottom time and ascent are sectors common to all dives and hyperbaric exposures .
The <unk> concept was introduced by Sergio Angelini .
The US Navy diving manual provides repetitive group designations for listed altitude changes . These will change over time with the surface interval according to the relevant table .
Decompression stop depths are also corrected , using the ratio of surface pressures , and will produce actual stop depths which are shallower than the sea level stop depths .
do not fly with DCS symptoms unless necessary to obtain hyperbaric treatment .
substantially longer than 18 hours for technical divers who make decompression dives or used helium breathing mixes , as no specific evidence concerning decompression or helium diving was available .
Surface decompression procedures have been described as " semi @-@ controlled accidents " .
Recompression on atmospheric air was shown to be an effective treatment for minor DCS symptoms by Keays in 1909 .
Evidence of the effectiveness of recompression therapy utilizing oxygen was first shown by Yarbrough and Behnke , and has since become the standard of care for treatment of DCS .
Equipment for planning and monitoring decompression includes decompression tables , surface computer software and personal decompression computers . There is a wide range of choice :
Specialised equipment is available to decompress a diver out of the water . This is almost exclusively used with surface supplied diving equipment :
B. integrifolia 's placement within Banksia may be summarised as follows :
B. dentata – B. aquilonia – B. integrifolia – B. plagiocarpa – B. oblongifolia – B. robur – B. conferta – B. paludosa – B. marginata – B. canei – B. saxicola
Banksia integrifolia subsp. integrifolia
Banksia integrifolia subsp. compar
Banksia integrifolia subsp. monticola
No other species of tree occurs closer to the coast at Cape Byron , making B. integrifolia the most easterly tree on the Australian mainland .
It is used as a floral emblem by two local government areas of Queensland : the City of Redcliffe and the City of Logan . In 2000 it was featured on an Australian postage stamp .
Abhishek Bachchan as ACP Jai Dixit , an Assistant Commissioner trying to find Mr. A. Jai is accompanied by inspector Ali and married to Sweety Dixit .
Aishwarya Rai as Sunehri , another thief who was blackmailed by Jai Dixit to find out more about Mr. A , because she was a petty thief in Mumbai and was forced to help him or face jail time .
Uday Chopra as Ali Akbar Fateh Khan , an assistant to Jai Dixit and an inspector .
Rimi Sen in a guest appearance as Sweety Dixit , Jai 's wife . She is pregnant and is suspicious of Jai 's friendship with Shonali .
All music composed by Pritam .
Then wrote and flounder 'd on , in mere despair .
The name " Real IRA " entered common usage when members set up a roadblock in Jonesborough , County Armagh and told motorists " We 're from the IRA . The real IRA " .
In a lengthy interview with An <unk> newspaper in 2003 , the leadership of the Provisional IRA said that the RIRA had " no coherent strategy " .
The leadership of the Irish Republican Army remains committed to the full realisation of the ideals and principles enshrined in the Proclamation of 1916 .
In a mid @-@ credits scene , Rick is on a plane back to Hollywood with his estranged son .
Steve Coogan as Damien Cockburn : The inexperienced British film director who is unable to control the actors in the film .
Danny McBride as Cody Underwood : The film 's explosives expert and helicopter pilot . He is a pyromaniac .
Bill Hader as Rob <unk> : Grossman 's assistant and right @-@ hand man .
Matthew McConaughey as Rick " Pecker " Peck : Speedman 's extremely devoted agent and best friend .
Brandon Soo Hoo as Tran : The 12 @-@ year @-@ old young leader of the Flaming Dragon gang . The character was compared to Karen National Union guerrilla leaders Johnny and Luther <unk> .
Reggie Lee as <unk> : The second @-@ in @-@ command of the Flaming Dragon gang .
Tom Cruise as Les Grossman : The profane , ill @-@ tempered studio executive producing Tropic Thunder .
Mixed at Larrabee Sound Studios , Hollywood , California .
Engineered at Levcon Studios , Hollywood , California .
Credits adapted from the liner notes of Doo @-@ Wops & Hooligans .
Evelyn <unk> My Captain Waits . <unk>
The entire route is in New Castle County .
Chamberlin began drumming at age 9 . His early instruction included Latin , Brazilian , and big band techniques , but focused on jazz , under the tutelage of future Yanni drummer , Charlie Adams .
While there , he also name checked U2 and said their recent iTunes @-@ wide album release " moved the ball forward for everybody . "
Chamberlin again joined the band for the 2015 End Times Tour .
Chamberlin prefers not to use Pro Tools or click tracks ; He uses the slide technique for double strokes on the bass drum .
Differentiation is the action of computing a derivative . The derivative of a function y
The simplest case , apart from the trivial case of a constant function , is when y is a linear function of x , meaning that the graph of y divided by x is a line . In this case , y =
where the symbol Δ ( Delta ) is an abbreviation for " change in . " This formula is true because
The idea , illustrated by Figures 1 to 3 , is to compute the rate of change as the limit value of the ratio of the differences <unk> / Δx as Δx becomes infinitely small .
Two distinct notations are commonly used for the derivative , one deriving from Leibniz and the other from Joseph Louis Lagrange .
The most common approach to turn this intuitive idea into a precise definition is to define the derivative as a limit of difference quotients of real numbers . This is the approach described below .
When the limit exists , f is said to be differentiable at a . Here f ′ ( a ) is one of several common notations for the derivative ( see below ) .
to f near a ( i.e. , for small h ) . This interpretation is the easiest to generalize to other settings ( see below ) .
f ( x + ∆ x ) - f ( x ) . Here the natural extension of f to the hyperreals is still denoted f . Here the derivative is said to exist if the shadow is independent of the infinitesimal chosen .
However , even if a function is continuous at a point , it may not be differentiable there . For example , the absolute value function y =
In summary : for a function f to have a derivative it is necessary for the function f to be continuous , but continuity alone is not sufficient .
The operator D , however , is not defined on individual numbers . It is only defined on functions :
A function f need not have a derivative , for example , if it is not continuous . Similarly , even if f does have a derivative , it may not have a second derivative . For example , let
The derivatives of a function f at a point x provide polynomial approximations to that function near x . For example , if f is twice differentiable , then
If f is infinitely differentiable , then this is the beginning of the Taylor series for f evaluated at x + h around x .
A point where the second derivative of a function changes sign is called an inflection point . At an inflection point , the second derivative may be zero , as in the case of the inflection point x
x1 / 3 . At an inflection point , a function switches from being a convex function to being a concave function or vice versa .
The notation for derivatives introduced by Gottfried Leibniz is one of the earliest . It is still commonly used when the equation y
and was once thought of as an infinitesimal quotient . Higher derivatives are expressed using the notation
f ( x ) ( with respect to x ) . These are abbreviations for multiple applications of the derivative operator . For example ,
Newton 's notation for differentiation , also called the dot notation , places a dot over the function name to represent a time derivative . If y = f ( t ) , then
If y = f ( x ) is a dependent variable , then often the subscript x is attached to the D to clarify the independent variable x . Euler 's notation is then written
although this subscript is often omitted when the variable x is understood , for instance when this is the only variable present in the expression .
Euler 's notation is useful for stating and solving linear differential equations .
wherever this function is defined . For example , if <formula> , then
In many cases , complicated limit calculations by direct application of Newton 's difference quotient can be avoided using differentiation rules . Some of the most basic rules are the following .
if the limit exists . The subtraction in the numerator is subtraction of vectors , not scalars . If the derivative of y exists for every value of t , then y ′ is another vector valued function .
because each of the basis vectors is a constant .
This generalization is useful , for example , if y ( t ) is the position vector of a particle at time t ; then the derivative y ′ ( t ) is the velocity vector of the particle at time t .
In other words , every value of x chooses a function , denoted fx , which is a function of one real number . That is ,
In this expression , a is a constant , not a variable , so fa is a function of only one real variable . Consequently , the definition of the derivative for a function of one variable applies :
The above procedure can be performed for any choice of a . Assembling the derivatives together into a function gives a function that describes the variation of f in the y direction :
In the above difference quotient , all the variables except xi are held fixed . That choice of fixed values determines a function of one variable
This is a consequence of the definition of the total derivative . It follows that the directional derivative is linear in v , meaning that Dv + w ( f ) = Dv ( f ) + <unk> ( f ) .
Just like the single @-@ variable derivative , f ′ ( a ) is chosen so that the error in this approximation is as small as possible .
Up to changing variables , this is the statement that the function <formula> is the best linear approximation to f at a .
By repeatedly taking the total derivative , one obtains higher versions of the Fréchet derivative , specialized to Rp . The kth order total derivative may be interpreted as a map
The concept of a derivative can be extended to many other settings . The common thread is that the derivative of a function at a point serves as a linear approximation of the function at that point .
The properties of the derivative have inspired the introduction and study of many similar objects in algebra and topology — see , for example , differential algebra .
The discrete equivalent of differentiation is finite differences . The study of differential calculus is unified with the calculus of finite differences in time scale calculus .
Also see arithmetic derivative .
The water needed in the oil shale retorting process offers an additional economic consideration : this may pose a problem in areas with water scarcity .
For lists of winners and nominees for each category , see the list of award categories below .
The following episodes listed in the chart are arranged according to their production order , rather than by their original air dates .
Telopea ' Shady Lady White ' is a white @-@ flowered hybrid between T. speciosissima and T. oreades .
Telopea ' Shady Lady Pink ' is the result of a cross between ' Shady Lady Red ' and ' Shady Lady White ' .
Telopea ' Shady Lady Crimson ' is a selected colour form developed from ' Shady Lady Red ' . It became commercially available in Australia in 2010 .
In 2003 , the Smithsonian Institution 's National Museum of American History included the Green Book in an exhibition , America on the Move .
Mal Evans , one of the Beatles ' road managers , also appears briefly in the film — moving an upright bass through a tight hallway as Lennon talks with the woman who mistakes him for someone else .
A Hard Day 's Night was nominated for two Academy Awards : for Best Screenplay ( Alun Owen ) , and Best Score ( Adaptation ) ( George Martin ) .
The song " I Call Your Name " was cut from the film for unknown reasons .
There were notable pitch problems with the songs in this version , precisely one octave lower than the original recordings . This was fixed in subsequent releases .
The specific epithet holopus is Greek for " with perfect stalk " . Common names given to the fungus include white birch bolete , white bog bolete , and ghost bolete .
Fruitbodies of L. holopus are a source of food for fly species such as Pegomya winthemi ( family <unk> ) and <unk> pygmaeoides ( family Phoridae ) .
Amsterdam Baroque Orchestra & Choir , Ton Koopman . J.S. Bach : Complete Cantatas Vol . 3 . Erato , 1995 .
Bach Collegium Japan , Masaaki Suzuki . J.S. Bach : Cantatas Vol . 4 . BIS , 1996 .
Gächinger Kantorei / Bach @-@ Collegium Stuttgart , Helmuth Rilling . Die Bach Kantate . Hänssler , 1977 .
The resulting compound , dysprosium ( III ) sulfate , is noticeably paramagnetic .
Dysprosium halides , such as DyF3 and DyBr3 , tend to take on a yellow color . Dysprosium oxide , also known as <unk> , is a white powder that is highly magnetic , more so than iron oxide .
Several paramagnetic crystal salts of dysprosium ( Dysprosium Gallium Garnet , <unk> ; Dysprosium Aluminum Garnet , DAG ; Dysprosium Iron Garnet , <unk> ) are used in adiabatic <unk> refrigerators .
As of October 2014 , Kenya Airways has had two fatal accidents and two hull loss accidents .
Chris Pine as James T. Kirk
Karl Urban as Dr. Leonard " Bones " McCoy
Bruce Greenwood as Christopher Pike , the captain of the Enterprise .
Ben Cross as Sarek , Spock 's father .
Winona Ryder as Amanda Grayson , Spock 's mother .
Clifton Collins , Jr. as Ayel , Nero 's first officer .
Credits are adapted from the No Boys Allowed booklet .
St Nicolas Bastion – the demi @-@ bastion at the east end of the fortress . It contains a Venetian @-@ era building which was possibly originally a storehouse or laboratory .
St Paul Bastion – the demi @-@ bastion at the southeast end of the fortress . It is also known as Santa Maria Bastion .
St Elias Bastion – the demi @-@ bastion at the south end of the fortress . It contains the <unk> open @-@ air theatre , which was opened in 1993 .
St Lucas Bastion – the demi @-@ bastion at the southwest end of the fortress .
the Mosque of Sultan Ibrahim , which was formerly the Cathedral of St Nicolas .
a building near the mosque , which was possibly the Bishop 's residence .
the House of the Rector , which was the residence of the governor of the province of Rethymno . Only its prisons have survived .
the Council Building , which housed part of the Venetian administration of Rethymno .
the churches of St Theodore and St Catherine , which were both built in the late 19th century .
The fortress also contains an armoury , two gunpowder magazines , storage rooms and several cisterns .
All songs written and composed by Ricardo Arjona .
The standard physical release of the album contains 2 discs with the following tracklist .
Lieutenant Colonel Arthur Searle ( 1945 ) .
The Germans nicknamed the U @-@ boat der <unk> ( " the Tightrope Walker " ) , and her crew painted an emblem of a yellow shield with a red horse on her sail .
Palestinian poet Mahmoud Darwish dedicated the poem " Returning to Jaffa " to Abu Ali Iyad .
The pilot emphasizes character introduction , and a great deal of biographical information about the various main characters is revealed in the episode .
Yvette Nicole Brown as Shirley Bennett – Shirley is a " middle @-@ aged divorcee " who " has made some bad life choices " .
Alison Brie as Annie Edison – Annie got addicted to pills and had to drop out of high school .
Donald Glover as Troy Barnes – Troy was a high school football star who got injured and failed to get a scholarship .
John Oliver as Professor Ian Duncan , psychology teacher at Greendale . – Professor Duncan once faced a DUI charge , but was acquitted thanks to Jeff 's help .
Jim Rash as Dean Pelton – Dean Pelton is first introduced while giving his introductory speech to the new students , a speech that ends up being unintentionally offensive .
Not to be confused with Hearst Castle , a resort built in the US by wealthy newspaper magnate , William Randolph Hearst .
With an apparent magnitude of 14 @.@ 2 , Kepler @-@ 11 cannot be seen from Earth with the naked eye .
Eleanor – wife of William Marshal 's son ( also named William ) , and later the English rebel Simon de Montfort .
Two other daughters ( Beatrice and Blanche ) , who died as children .
John of Lancaster ( 1366 ) — died as an infant .
Isabella of Lancaster ( b . 1368 ) — died as a child .
After Blanche 's death in 1369 , John married Constance of Castile , trying unsuccessfully to obtain the throne of Castile . The marriage produced two children :
Blanche ( 1342 ) — died as a child .
Henry married his Plantagenet cousin Mary de Bohun , who was paternally descended from Edward I and maternally from Edmund Crouchback . They had seven children :
Edward ( b . 1382 ; died as a child ) — buried at Monmouth Castle , Monmouth .
Joan ( b . 1438 ; died as a child )
Henry ( b . 1441 ; died as a child )
William ( b . 1447 ; died as a child )
John ( b . 1448 ; died as a child )
Ursula ( b . 1455 ; died as a child )
In her will , Cecily stated that Katherine and Humphrey were her children , but they may have been her grandchildren through de la Pole .
Most views northwards are dominated by Rivington Pike and the Winter Hill TV Mast on the West Pennine Moors above the town .
In A grammar of the dialect of the Bolton area by linguist Graham <unk> , the local dialect is described as being distinct from those of nearby Salford and Manchester .
Adapted from album 's liner notes .
Photography – Dr. Mannix Guillaera
As the devil is the thylacine 's closest relative , there has been speculation that the thylacine could be revived by combining DNA from museum samples of thylacines with ova of the devil .
The devil is directly linked to the <unk> robusta , a tapeworm which is classified as Rare under the Tasmanian Threatened Species Protection Act 1995 . This tapeworm is found only in devils .
The devil is a keystone species in the ecosystem of Tasmania .
Embryonic diapause does not occur .
In general , females tend to retain more stress after being taken into captivity than males .
For the 2 @.@ 6 @.@ 29 release of the Linux kernel , Linus <unk> temporarily replaced the Tux mascot with a Tasmanian devil named " <unk> " , in support of the Save the Tasmanian Devil Campaign .
In December 2014 , the Bank adopted the recommendations of a report prepared by Kevin <unk> aimed at improving the transparency of the Committee 's decision making processes .
The dates listed show when their current terms of appointment are due to , or did , end .
Coles reported that the relay squad tore up the prime minister 's message .
NMDA receptor @-@ dependent LTP exhibits several properties , including input specificity , associativity , cooperativity , and persistence .
LTP is persistent , lasting from several minutes to many months , and it is this persistence that separates LTP from other forms of synaptic plasticity .
The Jack Russell Terrier is a small terrier that has its origins in fox hunting . It is principally white @-@ bodied and smooth , rough or broken @-@ coated .
Patrick McDonnell 's comic strip Mutts features a Jack Russell terrier named Earl who is a main character in the comic strip .
There are 42 mammal species that live in the areas around Hart Lake . Mammals common in the Hart Lake shoreline and marshes include raccoons , striped skunks , and muskrats .
Elected member of the National Academy of Sciences , 1928 . Stratton served in various capacities with the NAS :
Production and performance credits are adapted from the album liner notes .
In the Third Grammatical Treatise an anonymous verse is recorded that mentions the ravens flying from Odin 's shoulders ; Huginn seeking hanged men , and Muninn slain bodies . The verse reads :
Muninn to the slain [ lit. corpses ] .
The public backlash of scientists against such views , particularly in the 1990s , came to be known as the science wars .
There is no such thing as philosophy @-@ free science ; there is only science whose philosophical baggage is taken on board without examination .
These former players and assistant coaches of Beilein later became head coaches at the collegiate or professional levels .
The restaurant was sung about by the cult Chicago musician Wesley Willis in a song entitled " Rock N Roll McDonald 's " . The song was featured in the movie Super Size Me .
The book was published for the general public on 4 December 2008 , with the proceeds going to the Children 's High Level Group .
Rowling also decided to create a seventh handwritten copy ( distinguished from the others by its <unk> <unk> ) to sell at auction in order to raise funds for The Children 's Voice charity campaign .
He was a vocal critic of Jews , accusing them of unfair competition .
Jan Dekert is one of the characters in Jan Matejko 's painting of the " Adoption of the Polish Constitution of May 3 , 1791 " .
The APRA Awards are presented annually from 1982 by the Australasian Performing Right Association ( APRA ) .
The ARIA Music Awards are presented annually from 1987 by the Australian Recording Industry Association ( ARIA ) . Thirsty Merc have received four nominations .
The Alpine chough has two extant subspecies .
P. g. graculus , the nominate subspecies in Europe , north Africa , Turkey , the Caucasus and northern Iran .
The Australian white @-@ winged chough , Corcorax melanorhamphos , despite its similar bill shape and black plumage , is only distantly related to the true choughs .
The text was influential in the development and practice of the yoga traditions of India before the 12th century .
Verse 1 @.@ 69 asserts that in a cleansed body resides a peaceful mind , and when this mind achieves purity , <unk> ( knowledge of soul ) becomes feasible .
The text dedicates the largest number of verses to the discussion of breath and breath exercises .
Two English translations of the complete text are known , one by Desikachar and the other by Mohan , while Bhattacharya has published a condensed summary of the twelve chapters .
All music composed by Kow Otani .
There is a deathcore band named Shadow of the Colossus . Many of the band 's lyrics and album art are inspired by the video game .
Article 11 requires parties to ensure that those complaining under the Optional Protocol are not subjected to ill @-@ treatment or intimidation .
Article 13 requires parties to inform their citizens about the Convention , the Optional Protocol , and the rulings of the Committee , so as to facilitate complaints .
Articles 12 and 14 govern the procedure and reporting of the Committee in handling complaints .
Articles 15 – 21 govern ratification , entry into force , and amendment of the Optional Protocol .
Several signals , such as the Wow ! signal , have been detected in the history of the search for extraterrestrial intelligence , but none have yet been confirmed as being of intelligent origin .
Any person or organization detecting a signal should try to verify that it is likely to be of intelligent origin before announcing it .
Following confirmation of an observation 's extraterrestrial origin , news of the discovery should be made public . The discoverer has the right to make the first public announcement .
All data confirming the discovery should be published to the international scientific community and stored in an accessible form as permanently as possible .
Neither the discoverer nor anyone else should respond to an observed extraterrestrial intelligence ; doing so requires international agreement under separate procedures .
Intervention only to avert catastrophe : this would involve occasional limited intervention to stop events that could destroy human civilization completely , such as nuclear war or asteroid impact .
Forcible corrective action : the extraterrestrials could require humanity to reduce major risks against its will , intending to help humans advance to the next stage of civilization .
The UKSF course is broken down into two main parts , Selection and Continuation Training .
Aptitude Phase ( hill phase ) – 4 weeks . This phase is conducted in the Brecon Beacons , South Wales .
The Special Boat Service wear the green commando beret , but with their own cap badge .
Upon its release , " The Obvious Child " received positive reviews from music critics of the time . Stephen Holden of The New York Times was perhaps the most effusive :
All songs written by Paul Simon , except where noted .
A consistent thickness of 1 @.@ 5 inches ( 38 mm ) for the protective wing bulkheads .
An enlarged torpedo control tower .
An enlarged conning tower with the armour rearranged for better access .
A protected spotting position in the bow .
The width of the keel was increased to provide a more rigid structure amidships to resist stress while docking .
Shell stowage for the main guns was increased from 80 rounds per gun to 100 .
I know why the caged bird sings .
Gromoboi also had four submerged 15 @-@ inch ( 381 mm ) torpedo tubes , with two mounted on each broadside .
Ewan McGregor as Obi @-@ Wan Kenobi : a Jedi Master and general for the Galactic Republic .
Natalie Portman as Padmé Amidala : a senator of Naboo and secretly Anakin 's wife .
Hayden Christensen as Anakin Skywalker / Darth Vader : a recently knighted Jedi hero of the Clone Wars who turns to the dark side of the Force .
Ian McDiarmid as Palpatine / Darth Sidious : the Supreme Chancellor of the Galactic Republic who is secretly a Sith lord .
Samuel L. Jackson as Mace Windu : a senior member of the Jedi Council .
Christopher Lee as Count Dooku / Darth <unk> : Darth Sidious ' Sith apprentice , who was selected by his master to lead the Separatists .
Anthony Daniels as C @-@ 3PO : Padmé 's personal humanoid protocol droid , created by Anakin .
Kenny Baker as R2 @-@ D2 : Anakin 's astromech droid .
Frank Oz voices Yoda : the leader of the Jedi Council .
After the screenplay 's earliest draft was submitted , the art department began designing the various ways that each element could appear on screen .
During the process of shaping the film for its theatrical release , Lucas and his editors dropped many scenes , and even an entire subplot , from the completed film .
Many scenes concerning Jedi deaths during the execution of Order 66 were cut . The deaths of <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> were either cut from the film or not filmed in the first place .
Also , a special two @-@ pack exclusive , sold only at Wal @-@ Mart stores , included another bonus DVD , The Story of Star Wars .
The DVD was re @-@ released in a prequel trilogy box set on November 4 , 2008 .
Upon release , Ghosts of Onyx garnered generally positive reviews . The novel debuted on The New York Times bestseller list and became an international bestseller .
Stefani 's work has influenced a number of new artists including Best Coast , Hayley Williams , Rihanna , Katy Perry , Marina and the Diamonds , Cover Drive , Sky Ferreira , and Rita Ora .
Love . Angel . Music . Baby . ( 2004 )
The music video was directed by Phil Griffin in mid @-@ 2006 . Minogue described the video :
These are the formats and track listings of major single releases of " So Under Pressure " .
The episode ends with a taping of the Let 's Stay Together rewrite , including the talking dog .
WVU has produced a total of 180 NFL draft selections . This section accounts for past and present West Virginia University football players that have participated in the National Football League .
Among the numerous Mountaineers that have participated in the NFL , a total of 32 have received all @-@ star or Pro Bowl recognition .
Of West Virginia 's 181 players selected in the NFL draft , 12 Mountaineers have been selected in the first round .
In his 1998 autobiographical release The Storyteller , Ray Davies discusses the guitar solo . He confirms that his brother Dave played the solo and it was preceded by some bantering between the two :
Calystegia stebbinsii , <unk> stebbinsii , Harmonia stebbinsii , <unk> stebbinsii , <unk> stebbinsii and others are named in honor of Stebbins .
The line runs parallel to the Great Western Main Line between Paddington and Westbourne Park , and parallel to the London , Tilbury and Southend Railway between West Ham and Barking .
Relations between Hervey and the Welsh appear to have been very bad . The Liber Eliensis described the situation as follows :
Credits are adapted from the album 's liner notes .
Hans G. Lehmann – photography
Information is adapted from Nina Antonia 's Too Much Too Soon : The New York Dolls ( 2006 ) .
Ryan Reynolds as Andrew Paxton , Margaret 's assistant whose ultimate career goal is to become an editor .
Sandra Bullock as Margaret Tate , a chief editor at a major New York City book publisher .
Mary Steenburgen as Grace Paxton , Andrew 's mother .
Craig T. Nelson as Joe Paxton , Andrew 's father who owns the family business that dominates the entire town of Sitka .
Betty White as Grandma Annie " <unk> " , Andrew 's grandmother and Joe 's mother .
Denis O 'Hare as Mr. Gilbertson , the immigration agent investigating Margaret 's case .
Oscar Nuñez as Ramone , a resident of Sitka who holds many jobs , including waiter , male stripper , shopkeeper and minister .
Malin Åkerman as Gertrude , Andrew 's ex @-@ girlfriend .
Michael Nouri as publisher Bergen , Tate 's superior .
Aasif Mandvi as Bob Spaulding , an editor .
Michael Mosley as Chuck , Andrew 's friend .
A Chinese remake co @-@ produced by Walt Disney Pictures and <unk> Pictures and directed by Yee Chin @-@ yen was announced in June 2016 .
The US intelligence community has underestimated these growing threats .
The processes of the intelligence community to make estimates on this threat are causing an erosion of accurate assessments .
The US has a diminishing warning time before missile systems are operationally deployed , and may conceivably have no warning in the future .
William Schneider , Jr .
General Larry Welch , US Air Force Ret .
General Lee Butler , US Air Force Ret .
Phellodon atratus K.A.Harrison ( 1964 ) – California , United States
Phellodon <unk> @-@ olivaceus R.E.Baird ( 2013 ) – United States
Phellodon confluens ( Pers . ) Pouzar ( 1956 ) – China , eastern United States , Europe
Phellodon <unk> R.E.Baird ( 1985 ) – Mexico
Phellodon fibulatus K.A.Harrison ( 1972 ) – North Carolina , United States
Phellodon <unk> R.E.Baird & <unk> ( 1986 ) – Florida , United States
Phellodon <unk> ( Lloyd ) Maas Geest . ( 1966 ) – Australia , New Zealand
Phellodon melaleucus ( <unk> ex Fr . ) P.Karst. ( 1881 ) – Europe , North America
Phellodon niger ( Fr . ) P.Karst. ( 1881 ) – Europe , North America
Phellodon <unk> ( Lloyd ) Maas Geest . ( 1966 ) – Australia
Phellodon <unk> R.E.Baird ( 1985 ) – North America
Phellodon rufipes Maas Geest . ( 1971 ) – Japan
Phellodon <unk> ( Berk . ) <unk> ( 1958 ) – New Zealand
Phellodon tenuis R.E.Baird ( 1988 ) – Brazil
Phellodon tomentosus ( L. ) Banker ( 1906 ) – Europe , North America
Play @-@ Doh was inducted into the National Toy Hall of Fame at The Strong in Rochester , New York , in 1998 .
In late 2014 the company offered to replace a new " Play @-@ Doh Cake Mountain " <unk> tool , for free , after receiving complaints about the toy 's " phallic shape " .
The firm subsequently sought to find ways to more widely distribute its electronic form software , with Bennie saying in May 1992 that " we 've barely scratched the surface of our market " .
The court decision was interpreted by the writer L. Ray Patterson as an erosion of First Amendment rights over the increasing protection provided to copyright holders .
This division of the firm at its height only represented less than 15 % of the company 's total revenues .
WinFax enabled computers equipped with fax @-@ modems to send faxes directly to stand @-@ alone fax machines or other similarly equipped computers .
By the time WinFax PRO 7 @.@ 0 was being sold from retail shelves , Delrina had been acquired by Symantec .
In the Biathlon , all Paralympic athletes shoot from a prone position .
Competitors in this class include Australians Michael Norton and David Munk , American Russell Docker , and Spain 's Óscar <unk> .
Since Judaism , unlike Catholicism , lacks a hierarchy that could keep track of how many [ synagogues ] are abandoned and demolished , the breadth of the problem is more difficult to ascertain .
A few blocks away , the Eldridge Street Synagogue survives . Why this synagogue was renovated , and the First Roumanian torn down , is a question for the rabbis and the historians .
Discussions about the future of modern medicine frequently debate the utility of maintaining separate , distinct pathways for educating physicians in the United States .
The body is a unit ; a person is a unit of body , mind , and spirit .
The body is capable of self @-@ regulation , self @-@ healing , and health maintenance .
Structure and function are reciprocally interrelated .
Rational treatment is based on an understanding of these principles : body unity , self @-@ regulation , and the interrelationship of structure and function .
Contemporary osteopathic physicians practice evidence @-@ based medicine , indistinguishable from their MD colleagues .
Our AMA , in collaboration with the American Osteopathic Association , discourages discrimination against medical students by institutions and programs based on osteopathic or allopathic training .
In 2005 , during his tenure as president of the American Association of Medical Colleges , Jordan Cohen described a climate of cooperation between D.O. and M.D. practitioners :
Elsewhere , he has remarked that osteopathic manipulative medicine ( OMT ) " can be an aid to the physician in fostering a relationship with the patient . "
Another area of criticism has been the relative lack of research and lesser emphasis on scientific inquiry at D.O. schools in comparison with M.D. schools .
The president of the American Association of Colleges of Osteopathic Medicine commented on the current climate of crisis within the profession .
The foramen spinosum is often used as a landmark in neurosurgery , due to its close relations with other cranial foramina . It was first described by Jakob Benignus Winslow in the 18th century .
The foramen may pass through the sphenoid bone at the apex of the spinous process , or along its medial surface .
In other great apes , the foramen spinosum is found not in the sphenoid bone but in parts of the temporal bone such as the squamous part , found at the <unk> suture , or absent .
The foramen spinosum permits the passage of the middle meningeal artery , middle meningeal vein , and the meningeal branch of the mandibular nerve .
C. taurinus has five subspecies :
C. t. <unk> ( Thomas , 1912 ; Eastern white @-@ bearded wildebeest ) , is found in the Gregory Rift Valley ( south of the equator ) . Its range extends from northern Tanzania to central Kenya .
C. t. <unk> ( Blaine , 1914 ; Cookson 's wildebeest ) , is restricted to the Luangwa Valley in Zambia . Sometimes these animals may wander into the plateau region of central Malawi .
C. t. johnstoni ( Sclater , 1896 ; Nyassaland wildebeest ) , occurs from Mozambique ( north of the Zambezi river ) to east @-@ central Tanzania . This subspecies is now extinct in Malawi .
The crowd responded by clapping as the Australians took to the field . The chairman of the NCCC reportedly apologised to Bradman in private for the crowd reaction to Miller .
Throughout the episode , in scenes where Homer is coping with his loneliness and sorrow , " Clair de Lune " , the third movement of Claude Debussy Suite <unk> , plays as the background music .
The episode 's title is a reference to " We Love to Fly and It Shows " , a long @-@ time slogan for Delta Air Lines .
In October 2011 the museum rebranded itself as Imperial War Museums , the initials IWM forming the basis of a new corporate logo .
Both sides in the dispute have put forward a number of arguments to support their claims .
To provide evidence for the date when Sea of Japan came to be used internationally , both South Korea and Japan have undertaken surveys of various historical maps .
The main two international organizations which have been involved in the naming dispute are the International Hydrographic Organization and the United Nations .
Before the credits , Ron mockingly refers to a pig 's head on a stick , a reference to the novel Lord of the Flies .
The entire route is in St. Lawrence County .
In June 2015 , the Louvre had been accused of discriminating against Israeli students .
Some of the best known paintings of the museum have been digitized by the French Center for Research and Restoration of the Museums of France .
The use of cameras and video recorders is permitted inside , but flash photography is forbidden .
Johnson came to believe that there was a problem with the collections of Shakespearean plays that were available during his lifetime . He believed that they lacked <unk> , because they :
The following episodes listed in the chart are arranged according to the numbering found in their U.S. Copyright registration records , rather than by their original air dates .
In December 2015 , Harper had set up Harper & Associates Consulting Inc . , a corporation that lists him a director alongside close associates Ray Novak and Jeremy Hunt .
During his term , Harper has dealt with many foreign policy issues relating to the United States , War on Terror , Arab @-@ Israeli conflict , free trade , China and Africa .
He has reduced defence spending to 1 % of Canadian GDP .
Michael J. <unk> ( 2011 – present )
Tel Aviv University in Ramat Aviv , Tel Aviv , Israel , 2014 ( Ph.D. )
All electoral information is taken from Elections Canada . Italicized expenditures refer to submitted totals , and are presented when the final reviewed totals are not available .
The class is generally referred to as the New York class , but it is also occasionally called the Texas class because New York was completed several months after her sister , Texas .
Associate Justice Sonia Sotomayor wrote the opinion for the Court , which commanded a majority only in part . The Court held that a child 's age properly informs the Miranda custody analysis .
Kodi Smit @-@ McPhee as Owen , a 12 @-@ year @-@ old bullied schoolboy , later Abbey 's boyfriend .
Chloë Grace Moretz as Abby , a vampire who poses as Thomas 's daughter , later Owen 's girlfriend .
Richard Jenkins as Thomas , a man who is Abby 's adult companion .
Cara Buono as Owen 's mother , the unnamed mother of Owen .
Elias Koteas also provides the voice of Owen 's father .
Sasha <unk> as Virginia , a woman who is one of Abby 's victims .
Dylan Minnette as Kenny , the bully who torments Owen .
Ritchie Coster as Mr. <unk>
Jimmy <unk> as Mark , one of Kenny 's friends .
Nicolai Dorian as Donald , one of Kenny 's friends .
Dylan <unk> as Larry , Virginia 's boyfriend .
Brett <unk> as Jimmy , the older brother of Kenny .
Chris Browning as Jack , a man who is one of Abby 's victims .
John Ajvide Lindqvist , author of Let the Right One In , who also wrote the screenplay for the original Swedish film , was pleased with Let Me In . He said :
In spite of rumors of misconduct by Bennington 's engineering crewmen , an official investigation concluded that the explosion was not due to negligence on the part of the crew .
George F. Brock , Carpenter 's Mate Second Class
Raymond E. Davis , Quartermaster Third Class
John J. <unk> , Chief Gunner 's Mate
Frank E. Hill , Ship 's Cook First Class
In July 2015 Diamonds Are Forever was broadcast on BBC Radio 4 , starring Toby Stephens as Bond ; it was directed by Martin Jarvis .
The entire route is in Erie County .
The flag of the new state was a variant of the Greek national flag , consisting of a white cross centered upon the blue background surmounted by the imperial Byzantine eagle in black .
direct control and administration by the European Powers .
Advances to a further round .
Disqualified from tournament .
Once nicknamed the " Beehive of Industry " , Providence began rebranding itself as the " Creative Capital " in 2009 to emphasize its educational resources and arts community .
The East Side is a region comprising the neighborhoods of Blackstone , Hope ( aka Summit ) , Mount Hope , College Hill , Wayland , and Fox Point .
The North End is formed by the combination of the neighborhoods of Charles , <unk> , Smith Hill , Elmhurst , and Mount Pleasant .
The South Side ( or South Providence ) consists of the neighborhoods of Elmwood , Lower South Providence , Upper South Providence , and the West End .
West Broadway is an officially recognized neighborhood with its own association . It overlaps with the southern half of Federal Hill and the northern part of the West End .
The West Side is a vague term sometimes used to mean the West End , Olneyville , and Silver Lake .
As the state capital , Providence houses the Rhode Island General Assembly as well as the offices of the Governor and the Lieutenant Governor in the Rhode Island State House .
Brown University , an Ivy League university and one of nine colonial colleges in the nation .
Rhode Island College , the state 's oldest public college .
Bouldering problems are assigned numerical difficulty ratings by <unk> and climbers . The two most widely used rating systems are the V @-@ scale and the Fontainebleau system .
The pavilion has been used on several occasions as the venue for televised Republican Party primary @-@ related debates ( see below ) .
An ad campaign and interactive Internet presence on GE 's web site to promote the centennial and celebrate Reagan 's political career and time with GE .
A series of public affairs lectures with Reagan @-@ era luminaries that focused on Reagan 's legacy .
Graham Neil Westley ( born 4 March 1968 ) is an English former professional footballer who was most recently manager of Peterborough United .
Hornby produce a super @-@ detailed OO gauge model of the Schools Class .
Come to the Well has been described as a pop rock and rock album ; it has also been described as being a pop and worship album .
Credits lifted from the liner notes .
The Timberwolves , Twins , and Vikings all play in Minneapolis .
All music composed by Chick Corea .
Asteya ( Non @-@ stealing ) , which states one should not take anything if not properly given .
Brahmacharya ( Chastity ) , which stresses steady but determined restraint over yearning for sensual pleasures .
Aparigraha ( Non @-@ attachment ) — non @-@ attachment to both inner possessions ( liking , disliking ) and external possessions like property .
Another fundamental teaching of Mahavira was Anekantavada ( pluralism and multiplicity of viewpoints ) .
Mahavira 's teachings influenced many personalities . Rabindranath Tagore wrote :
Mahavira : The Hero of Nonviolence is an illustrated children ’ s story based upon the life of Mahavira .
The following table lists the major junctions along Highway 51 , as noted by the Ministry of Transportation of Ontario . The entire route is located in Chatham – Kent .
Pinafore Swing , Watermill Theatre ( 2004 @.@ another Doyle adaptation in which the actors double as the orchestra )
Position - the rugby league position that player played at .
Career - the years the player spent at the team .
Appearances - the number of times this player played for the team .
T - the number of tries the player scored for the team .
G - the number of goals the player scored for the team .
FG - the number of field goals the player scored for the team .
P - The total number of points scored by the player .
Credits adapted from the liner notes of Japonesque .
American recording artist Adam Lambert performed at this venue on 5 March 2016 as part of his The Original High Tour .
In 2011 , the theatre was threatened with closure after the city cut funding . The D.C. Commission on the Arts and Humanities took over management and began searching for new management .
Since gaining sole operation , I.M.P. has booked nearly 100 shows at Lincoln Theatre , including :
Hooke was prepared to accept the possibility that some such fossils represented species that had become extinct , possibly in past geological catastrophes .
Bob Hoskins as Bill Nelson , Eden Sinclair 's boss . Marshall sought to have Hoskins emulate his " bulldog " role from the 1980 film The Long Good Friday .
Lee @-@ Anne Liebenberg as Viper , the wild woman who is Sol 's lover and his second @-@ in @-@ command .
Excalibur ( 1981 ) : Marshall enjoyed John Boorman 's artistry in the film and sought to include its medieval aspects in Doomsday .
The Warriors ( 1979 ) : The director enjoyed the tough and violent films of Walter Hill , including the " visual style of the gang warfare " .
The Omega Man ( 1971 ) : The director was inspired by the " empty city " notion of the film and drew upon its dark and gritty nature .
Waterworld ( 1995 ) : The director enjoyed the gritty atmosphere and how people scavenge to survive and adapt in their new world .
Gladiator ( 2000 ) : Like in Gladiator , Marshall sought to put Mitra 's character through a trial by combat .
Doomsday was used as inspiration in building a haunted house for Halloween Horror Nights in Orlando .
Most fans would have to take a vacation from work or study to attend an event held during the work week .
Transportation costs are often lower for weekend travelers .
An October 2003 episode of CSI featured <unk> , a fictional furry convention held in Las Vegas . Reactions to the show were varied .
A CBC Newsworld episode of Culture Shock about furries spent much of its time covering <unk> 2003 in November .
The News Tribune of Tacoma wrote a short article about <unk> Northwest 2004 .
The Financial Times Weekend Magazine took a look at Anthrocon 2005 .
The Corner News of Auburn , Alabama covered Rocket City <unk> 2006 .
The Montreal Gazette covered <unk> 2007 .
Eurofurence 13 received extensive coverage by several regional newspapers in Thuringia .
Credits for " Out from Under " are adapted from Circus liner notes .
Published by <unk> Songs ( BMI ) , Maratone Publishing ( ASCAP ) , Sony / ATV Tunes LLC ( ASCAP ) .
Vocal recording and audio mixing at Conway Recording Studios in Los Angeles , California .
In 2015 , duPont Manual had the distinction of being the high school that sent the most students to the <unk> International Science and Engineering Fair ( <unk> ) .
James S. Coleman , sociologist
Sara <unk> ( 1995 ) , Broadway performer .
John Jacob Niles , " Dean of American Balladeers " .
Nicole Scherzinger ( 1996 ) , lead singer of The Pussycat Dolls .
Joseph D. Scholtz , former Mayor of Louisville
In style and plot structure , the comic often made use of overlapping story threads . According to Hama :
The death sentence on 28 April resulted in the loss of all orders , awards , and honorary signs .
Fegelein held various ranks in both the Allgemeine @-@ SS and Waffen @-@ SS . The following table shows that progression was not synchronous .
Banff , Macduff and Turriff Extension Railway extended the Aberdeen and Turriff from Turriff . Services were extended by the Great North over the new line from opening .
Most of the Alford Valley Railway 's directors also served on the board of the Great North , who operated services from opening and was guarantor from 1862 .
Keith and Dufftown Railway was worked as an extension of the main line , services operated by the Great North from opening in 1862 .
Strathspey Railway was sponsored by the Great North , who operated services from opening .
In his 1870 poem <unk> ( " The <unk> " ) , Mihai Eminescu paid tribute to early Romanian @-@ language writers and their contributions to literature . An entire stanza is dedicated to Heliade :
Farrar has characterized the songwriting process for this album as easier than his typical work composing new lyrics as it allowed him to be less self @-@ conscious .
The performers also released a four @-@ track 10 " single " Let 's Multiply " exclusive for Record Store Day .
Additionally , Parker performed some of the New Multitudes material at the initial benefit concert <unk> hosted by <unk> International in <unk> , North Carolina on April 20 .
All music written and performed by Farrar and Parker .
Tim Horton - pianist , chamber musician . Ensemble 360
According to Fleming 's Complete History of the British Martyrs , published in 1904 , King Eorpwald was venerated as a saint and a martyr by the English Church . His feast day is not known .
In college , Duncan co @-@ authored a chapter in the social psychology book Aversive Interpersonal Behaviors .
In 2008 CNN 's Money Magazine ranked Norman as the sixth best small city within the United States in which to live .
The city serves as the county seat of Cleveland County .
Colima , Col. , Mexico
The center of this large incorporated area is 20 miles ( 30 km ) from the center of Oklahoma City and , separated primarily by Moore , is in the Oklahoma City metropolitan area .
In 2008 , CNN 's Money Magazine ranked Norman as the sixth best small city within the United States to live in , the highest ranking of any city in Oklahoma .
Norman enjoys many tree @-@ lined landscapes , participating in the <unk> Norman and Tree City USA programs .
The school is well known for its athletic programs , having won many awards including seven NCAA Division I National Football Championships .
Public school districts in Oklahoma are independent of other local governments . Several districts overlap the municipal boundaries of the City of Norman .
Little Axe Public Schools serves the eastern area of Norman . It consists of an elementary , junior , and high school .
Other school districts with territory within the city are the Robin Hill Public School District and the Moore Public School District .
The city is also home to many privately funded galleries and performance sites .
The Golf Coaches Association of America ( <unk> ) , a non @-@ profit professional association of men 's collegiate golf coaches , is located in Norman .
Norman hosts many free festivals and community events that occur throughout the year .
May Fair is an arts festival held every year during the first weekend in May at Andrews Park . It features top area performers , fine art , crafts , and food .
Summer Breeze Concert Series is a series of concerts held from Spring to Fall at various park venues across Norman . The series is sponsored by the Performing Arts Studio .
Midsummer Nights ' Fair is a nighttime arts festival held during two evenings in June . The fair features art , music , and food and is held outside the Firehouse Art Center located in Lions Park .
The Norman Mardi Gras parade is a celebration of Mardi Gras occurring on the Saturday closest to Fat Tuesday . The parade is held in downtown Norman and features themed costumes and floats .
The Main Street Christmas Holiday Parade is a celebration of Christmas and the holiday season held every December in downtown Norman . The parade features holiday @-@ themed costumes and floats .
Inter @-@ city passenger train service is available via Amtrak at Norman Depot . Amtrak 's Heartland Flyer provides daily round trip service to downtown Oklahoma City and Fort Worth , Texas .
Telephone networks , broadband internet , and cable television service are available from several companies including Cox Communications and AT & T.
The general principle of the IPA is to provide one letter for each distinctive sound ( speech segment ) , although this practice is not followed if the sound itself is complex . This means that :
There are no letters that have context @-@ dependent sound values , as do " hard " and " soft " 〈 c 〉 or 〈 g 〉 in several European languages .
Finally , the IPA does not usually have separate letters for two sounds if no known language makes a distinction between them , a property known as " <unk> " .
Typical examples of <unk> use of capital letters are I for the Turkish harmonic vowel set { i y ɯ u } and D for the conflated flapped middle consonant of American English writer and rider .
Double parentheses indicate obscured or unintelligible sound , as in ( ( 2 <unk> . ) ) or <unk> 2 <unk> . <unk> , two audible but unidentifiable syllables .
The International Phonetic Association organizes the letters of the IPA into three categories : pulmonic consonants , non @-@ pulmonic consonants , and vowels .
Shaded areas indicate articulations judged to be impossible .
The letters [ ʁ , ʕ , <unk> ] represent either voiced fricatives or approximants .
In many languages , such as English , [ h ] and [ ɦ ] are not actually glottal , fricatives , or approximants . Rather , they are bare phonation .
It is primarily the shape of the tongue rather than its position that distinguishes the fricatives [ ʃ ʒ ] , [ ɕ <unk> ] , and [ ʂ <unk> ] .
Some listed phones are not known to exist as phonemes in any language .
Although not confirmed as contrastive in any language , and therefore not explicitly recognized by the IPA , a letter for the retroflex implosive , 〈 <unk> 〉 , has been assigned an IPA number .
The IPA defines a vowel as a sound which occurs at a syllable center . Below is a chart depicting the vowels of the IPA . The IPA maps the vowels according to the position of the tongue .
In places where vowels are paired , the right represents a rounded vowel ( in which the lips are rounded ) while the left is its unrounded counterpart .
Diacritics are used for phonetic detail . They are added to IPA letters to indicate a modification or specification of that letter 's normal pronunciation .
The state of the glottis can be finely transcribed with diacritics . A series of alveolar plosives ranging from an open to a closed glottis phonation are :
Additional diacritics are provided by the Extensions to the IPA for speech pathology .
Aspiration , for example contrasting Korean mild aspiration [ kʰ ] with strong aspiration [ <unk> ] .
Especially lowered , e.g. [ t ̞ ̞ ] for / t / as a weak fricative in some pronunciations of register .
Especially retracted ( at least on a vowel ) , e.g. [ ø ̠ ̠ ] , though , depending on the font , on a consonant this could be confused with alveolar or <unk> notation from the extIPA .
The transcription of strident and harsh voice as extra @-@ creaky / a <unk> / may be motivated by the similarities of these <unk> .
Individual non @-@ IPA letters may find their way into publications that otherwise use the standard IPA . This is especially common with :
Iconic extensions of standard IPA letters that can be readily understood , such as retroflex 〈 <unk> 〉 and 〈 <unk> 〉 .
In addition , there are typewriter substitutions for when IPA support is not available , such as capital 〈 I , E , U , O , A 〉 for [ ɪ , ɛ , ʊ , ɔ , ɑ ] .
The Extensions to the IPA do not include symbols used for voice quality ( <unk> ) , such as whispering .
McDonald 's , " You Deserve a Break Today " , " Two all @-@ beef patties , special sauce , lettuce , cheese ... "
Other actors appearing in the film include Charles Lloyd @-@ Pack , Tom Chatto , John Van Eyssen , Percy Herbert and Michael Ripper .
The Bears entered free agency with 16 unrestricted free agents .
The team traded its third @-@ round selection along with a 2012 third @-@ round selection to the Miami Dolphins in exchange for wide receiver Brandon Marshall .
The team traded its seventh @-@ round selection to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in exchange for defensive tackle Brian Price .
In week two against the Vikings , Devin Hester was named NFC Special Teams Player of the Week on September 18 .
In week nine against the Packers , Shea McClellin recorded three sacks , and was named NFC Defensive Player of the Week on November 6 .
In week one against the Bengals , Robbie Gould kicked and made the longest field goal attempt in franchise and Soldier Field history with a 58 @-@ yard attempt made in week one against the Bengals .
In week thirteen against Minnesota , Alshon Jeffery broke the franchise record for the most receiving yards in a game .
The Narrows Bridge is a freeway crossing of the Swan River in Perth , Western Australia .
Orbit Science Fiction vol.1 <unk> New York , NY : <unk> Corporation . November – December 1954 .
Philip K. Dick collections
Sharma has held appointments at the Australian High Commission in Port Moresby and as a senior civilian adviser with the Peace Monitoring Group on Bougainville in Papua New Guinea .
On August 7 , Fister was promoted to the majors . As a result , pitcher Jason Vargas was optioned to Triple @-@ A Tacoma to make room for Fister on the Mariners ' 25 @-@ man roster .
In 2011 , Fister was the Mariners ' number three starter behind Félix Hernández and Jason Vargas .
Fister was named the American League Pitcher of the Month for September after going 5 – 0 with a 0 @.@ 53 ERA in five starts .
On December 2 , 2013 , Doug Fister was traded to the Washington Nationals for utility man Steve Lombardozzi and left handed pitchers Ian Krol and Robbie Ray .
Fister runs 10 miles each day that he does not pitch .
Fister stands 6 feet 8 inches tall , and is among the tallest players in the Major Leagues .
This list reflects the final incarnation of the Bay Freeway , as proposed before the 1972 referendum . The entire highway was in Seattle , King County .
The news story about the crash produced by WWOR @-@ TV with Joshua Eure as Executive Producer won a 2007 Emmy Award in the Spot News category .
A lawsuit brought by Lidle 's family against the manufacturer of the aircraft , Cirrus Design , alleging faulty design , was rejected by a jury in May 2011 .
If you execute your enemies , it saves you the trouble of having to forgive them .
There was not a soul left among the citizens of Gonzales who had not lost a father , husband , brother or son ... That terrible massacre had , for a time , struck terror into every heart .
The enemy are laughing you to scorn . You must fight them . You must retreat no further . The country expects you to fight . The salvation of the country depends on your doing so .
Had it not been for its service , the enemy could never have been overtaken until they had reached the Sabine ... use of the boat enabled me to cross the Brazos and save Texas .
With no time left to mount an answering drive , Boston College received the kickoff and let time run out . Heading into halftime , the two teams were tied , 16 – 16 .
In early 2013 , an inmate charged with petty larceny successfully slipped out of his handcuffs as he arrived at the Bain Center .
White married Margaret Hoge , the eldest daughter of his uncle William Hoge and his wife , Barbara Hume . White and his wife , Margaret , had at least eight children together :
A EURion constellation , special printing processes give the euro notes their unique feel .
A glossy stripe , tilt the note and a glossy stripe showing the value numeral and the euro symbol will appear .
Watermarks , it appears when the banknote is against the light .
Perforations , Hold the banknote against the light . You should see perforations in the hologram which will form the € symbol . You should also see small numbers showing the value .
A matted surface , the note paper is made out of pure cotton , which feels crisp and firm , but not limp or waxy .
Watermark : When the note is held under a normal light source , a portrait of Europa and an electrotype denomination appear on either side .
Portrait Window : When the note is held against the light , the window in the hologram becomes transparent and reveals a portrait of Europa , which is visible on both sides of the note .
Security Thread : When the note is held to the light , the security thread appears as a dark line . The " € " symbol and the value of the note can be seen in tiny white lettering in the stripe .
Microprinting : Some areas of the banknote feature a series of tiny letters . The microprinting can be read with a magnifying glass . The letters are sharp , not blurred .
The placement of A. cuneatus in Nelson 's arrangement of Adenanthos may be summarised as follows :
A. sect . Eurylaema ( 4 species )
A. pungens ( 2 subspecies )
A. glabrescens ( 2 subspecies )
A. sericeus ( 2 subspecies )
A. cygnorum ( 2 subspecies )
The last laird died in 1924 and is buried in Luton .
Kuznetsova was upset in the first round of the 2014 Wimbledon Championships by Portugal 's Michelle Larcher de Brito in three sets .
Kuznetsova at the 2016 Fed Cup lost in four hours against <unk> <unk> in the first day , becoming the longest Fed Cup singles match in the history .
After a poor late 2012 season , Kuznetsova has switched between <unk> and Carlos Martínez ; sometimes both serve as coaches .
These records were attained in the Open Era of tennis .
After moving to Florida in the early 1930s Morton established a small clinical practice where she carried out research into arthritis and endocrinology .
After finishing her autobiography , Morton travelled to Iran , and in 1940 published a book on the country and her time there titled A Doctor 's Holiday in Iran .
For his efforts at coming back from injury , Langkow was a finalist for the 2011 Bill Masterton Memorial Trophy that was ultimately won by Ian Laperriere .
Langkow 's older brother , Scott was a goaltender who played 20 NHL games for the Winnipeg Jets , Phoenix Coyotes and Atlanta Thrashers .
He also has a younger cousin , Chris Langkow , who is a former ECHL All @-@ Star and a Kelly Cup champion with the Alaska Aces , whom he frequently mentors and often gives advice .
A small group of collared brown lemurs was introduced in the 1980s into the Berenty Private Reserve and has since hybridized with introduced red @-@ fronted lemurs .
Credits adapted from Medúlla liner notes .
The Appalachian Trail , the Continental Divide Trail , and the Pacific Crest Trail form what is known as the Triple Crown of long – distance hiking in the United States .
The Appalachian Trail is home to thousands of species of plants and animals , including 2 @,@ 000 rare , threatened , endangered , and sensitive plant and animal species .
For most hikers , the most persistent pests along the trail are ticks , mosquitos , and black flies along with the mice that inhabit shelters .
Poison ivy is common the length of the trail , and more plentiful in the South .
Part of hiker subculture includes making colorful entries in logbooks at trail shelters , signed using pseudonyms called " trail names " .
Black bear activity along the trail in New Jersey increased rapidly starting in 2001 . Hence , metal bear @-@ proof trash boxes are in place at all New Jersey shelters .
Connecticut 's 52 miles ( 84 km ) of trail lie almost entirely along the ridges to the west above the Housatonic River valley .
Park management strongly discourages thru @-@ hiking within the park before May 15 or after October 15 .
Listed from south to north .
U.S. Route 76 in northeast Georgia
U.S. Route 64 near Nantahala River , North Carolina
U.S. Route 19 / U.S. Route 74 near Fontana Lake , North Carolina
U.S. Route 441 at North Carolina / Tennessee border
U.S. Route 25 / U.S. Route 70 in Hot Springs , North Carolina
Interstate 26 / U.S. Route 23 at North Carolina / Tennessee border
U.S. Route 19W at North Carolina / Tennessee border
U.S. Route <unk> near Roan Mountain , Tennessee
U.S. Route 321 at Watauga Lake , Tennessee
U.S. Route 421 near South Holston Lake , Tennessee
U.S. Route 58 in Damascus , Virginia
Interstate 77 / U.S. Route 52 near Wytheville , Virginia
U.S. Route 460 in <unk> , Virginia
U.S. Route 501 at James River , Virginia
U.S. Route 60 near Buena Vista , Virginia
U.S. Route 250 near Waynesboro , Virginia
U.S. Route 33 in Shenandoah National Park
U.S. Route 211 near Luray , Virginia
U.S. Route 522 near Front Royal , Virginia
U.S. Route 17 / U.S. Route 50 near Waterloo , Virginia
U.S. Route 340 in Harpers Ferry , West Virginia
U.S. Route 340 in Sandy Hook , Maryland
Interstate 70 / U.S. Route 40 near Hagerstown , Maryland
U.S. Route 30 near Fayetteville , Pennsylvania
U.S. Route 11 in Middlesex Township , Pennsylvania
U.S. Route 11 / U.S. Route 15 in Duncannon , Pennsylvania
U.S. Route 22 / U.S. Route 322 in Duncannon , Pennsylvania
U.S. Route 206 near Frankford , New Jersey
U.S. Route 6 / U.S. Route 9W / U.S. Route 202 near Fort Montgomery , New York
U.S. Route 9 near Garrison , New York
U.S. Route 7 near Falls Village , Connecticut
U.S. Route 44 near Salisbury , Connecticut
U.S. Route 7 near Great Barrington , Massachusetts
U.S. Route 20 near Lee , Massachusetts
U.S. Route 4 near Rutland , Vermont
U.S. Route 5 in Norwich , Vermont
Interstate 93 / U.S. Route 3 near Franconia , New Hampshire
U.S. Route 302 in White Mountain National Forest
U.S. Route 2 near Gorham , New Hampshire
U.S. Route 201 in <unk> , Maine
Northern terminus : Mt . Katahdin , Maine
Tierney is a supporter of universal health care . In early 2010 , Tierney came under fire from some in his district for his support of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act .
Following " The Hawking Excitation " , there was a three @-@ week break before the next episode , " The Stag Convergence " , aired .
In 2005 , Bans and Murphy were nominated for a Writers Guild of America Award for Best Episodic Comedy writing , but lost to Jenji Kohan , who penned the pilot episode of the Showtime series Weeds .
The NRA Bianchi Cup is held in Columbia every year . It is among the most lucrative of all the shooting sports championships .
The city has 14 radio stations and 4 television channels .
Rail service is provided by the city @-@ owned Columbia Terminal ( <unk> ) Railroad , which runs from the north side of Columbia to Centralia and a connection to the Norfolk Southern Railway .
The following tables presents the nutritional information of a standard Black Thunder chocolate bar .
On 24 February , Boris <unk> , the Nagorno @-@ Karabakh autonomous region party secretary and an Azerbaijan loyalist , was dismissed .
Under pressure from the APF due to the mismanagement of the defense of Khojaly and the safety of its inhabitants , <unk> was forced to submit his resignation to the National Assembly of Azerbaijan .
The fighting also spilled into nearby Nakhchivan , which was shelled by Armenian troops in May 1992 .
Below is a table listing the number of aircraft that were used by Armenia and Azerbaijan during the war .
Tensions escalated again in July – August 2014 with ceasefire breaches by Azerbaijan taking place and the President of Azerbaijan , Aliyev , threatening Armenia with war .
Cox , Caroline and John <unk> ( 1993 ) . Ethnic Cleansing in Progress : War in Nagorno Karabakh . Zürich ; Washington : Institute for Religious Minorities in the Islamic World .
Croissant , Michael P. ( 1998 ) . The Armenia @-@ Azerbaijan Conflict : Causes and Implications . Westport , Connecticut : Greenwood Publishing Group . ISBN <unk> .
Curtis , Glenn E ( 1995 ) . Armenia , Azerbaijan and Georgia Country Studies . Washington D.C. : Federal Research Division Library of Congress .
de Waal , Thomas ( 2003 ) . Black Garden : Armenia and Azerbaijan Through Peace and War . New York : New York University Press . ISBN <unk> .
Freire , Maria Raquel ( 2003 ) . Conflict and Security in the Former Soviet Union : The Role of the OSCE . Burlington , VT : Ashgate .
Griffin , Nicholas ( 2004 ) . Caucasus : A Journey to the Land Between Christianity and Islam . Chicago : University of Chicago Press .
Karny , Yo 'av ( 2000 ) . Highlanders : A Journey to the Caucasus in Quest of Memory . New York : Douglas & McIntyre .
Goltz , Thomas ( 1998 ) . Azerbaijan Diary : A Rogue Reporter 's Adventures in an Oil @-@ Rich , War @-@ Torn , Post @-@ Soviet Republic . New York : M.E. Sharpe ISBN 0 @-@ <unk> @-@ <unk> @-@ X
Kaufman , Stuart ( 2001 . ) . Modern <unk> : The Symbolic Politics of Ethnic War . New York : Cornell Studies in Security Affairs .
Hovannisian , Richard G. " The Armeno @-@ Azerbaijani Conflict Over Mountainous Karabagh . " Armenian Review , XXIV , Summer 1971 .
Rost , Yuri ( 1990 ) . The Armenian Tragedy : An Eye @-@ Witness Account of Human Conflict and Natural Disaster in Armenia and Azerbaijan . New York : St. Martin 's Press
Bajpayee was married to a girl from Delhi , but got divorced during his struggle period .
The year 2000 started for Bajpayee with the comedy Dil Pe Mat Le <unk> ! ! and the crime drama <unk> , both alongside Tabu . A dialogue from the former sparked controversy in some political parties .
As of June 2015 , Bajpayee is shooting for three films ; including Saat <unk> and Missing , which he has also produced .
The cover art was drawn by French illustrator Lionel Koechlin , featuring the character Albert . Koechlin 's artwork came from the book L <unk> d 'Albert , published in 1979 .
Stephen E. Miller as Andy McClaren
Laird 's father , Craig , was appointed as manager of Weston @-@ super @-@ Mare in May 2010 , having previously managed Southern League Division One South and West outfit Bridgwater Town .
Distinguished Flying Medal .
The entire highway was in Monroe County .
The window of the Four Evangelists over the northwest door is a memorial to Charles Empson , who died in 1861 .
In 2010 a stained glass window was uncovered in the abbey vaults . The design around the window is by William Burges .
The choirs of Bath Abbey sung the 2015 Christmas Service live on BBC One .
The entire route is in Sussex County .
Many antagonists are reversible antagonists that , like most agonists , will bind and unbind a receptor at rates determined by receptor @-@ ligand kinetics .
The satellite rights of the film were secured by Sun TV for ₹ 350 million ( US $ 5 @.@ 2 million ) .
Mu Arae is the Bayer designation . HD <unk> is the entry in the Henry Draper Catalogue .
Categories occur in regional trade , such as <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , and <unk> also appear in regional trade .
Sea water enters the forward hatch , due to a large wave , a poor seal , corrosion , etc .
With two holds rapidly filling with water , the bow submerges and the ship quickly sinks , leaving little time for the crew to react .
According to Lloyd 's Register , a principal cause of sinkings was the attitude of ship @-@ owners , who sent ships with known problems to sea .
The walls and towers of the citadel are constructed from carbonate rocks and basalt that were quarried in the vicinity of Damascus .
Rob Andrew , former international rugby union player and current Rugby Operations Director at the Rugby Football Union .
RJ Thompson , singer songwriter who has toured Europe with artists such as Jools Holland , Midge Ure and Gabrielle Aplin .
Barrie Dobson , historian .
Ross Batty , rugby union player with Bath .
Bentley Beetham , ornithologist , photographer and member of the 1924 British Mount Everest expedition .
David J. <unk> , puzzle author .
George Nicholson Bradford , Victoria Cross recipient .
Joshua Harold Burn , pharmacologist .
Andrew Cantrill , organist .
Scott Carpenter , water polo player .
Ian Carr , musician and broadcaster .
Mike Carr , jazz musician .
Calum Clark , rugby union player with Northampton Saints .
Andrew Critchlow , business news editor at the Telegraph Media Group .
Tom Danby , international rugby union and rugby league player .
Giles Deacon , fashion designer .
Karl Dickson , rugby union player with Harlequins .
Lee Dickson , international rugby union player for England .
Robert Dinwiddie , professional golfer .
Nigel Farndale , journalist and novelist .
Patrick Grant , fashion designer .
Alex Gray , rugby union player with England Sevens , and former England <unk> captain .
Nicholas Hatch , former first class cricketer with Durham .
Glenn Hugill , television producer and presenter .
Ben Jones , former rugby union player with Worcester Warriors .
Lionel Fanthorpe , priest , entertainer , television presenter , author and lecturer .
George Macaulay , test match cricketer .
Howard Marshall , international rugby union player .
Nathan McCree , composer .
Edward Mellanby , discoverer of Vitamin D.
Kenneth Mellanby , ecologist .
Percy Mills , 1st Viscount Mills , Cabinet member and industrialist , Director of EMI and Chairman of its electronics subsidiary .
Jack <unk> , speedway pioneer .
Neil Riddell , former captain of Durham County Cricket Club .
Geoffrey Smith , horticulturalist and broadcaster .
Mark Sowerby , Bishop of Horsham .
Alex Tait , rugby union player with Newcastle Falcons .
Mathew Tait , international rugby union player for England .
Andrew Thornton , jump jockey .
Richard Tomlinson , former MI6 officer .
Rory Underwood , former rugby union international .
Tony Underwood , former rugby union international .
Tim Visser , international rugby union player for Scotland .
Kevin Whately , Inspector Morse and Lewis actor .
Catherine White , Olympic silver medalist swimmer .
Guy Wilks , rally driver .
Ed Williamson , former rugby union player with Newcastle Falcons .
Credits for Sir Lucious Left Foot : The Son of Chico Dusty adapted from liner notes .
The entire route was in Chazy , Clinton County .
The earliest finds are pottery from the Neolithic era , although the main settlement dates from the Bronze Age ( see below ) . A site nearby has been dated to 3200 BC .
Several major works , including numerous poetry collections , five plays , and one novel , were first published in Poedjangga Baroe . The following is a list of those publications .
In September , LeMond attempted to defend his title at the 1990 UCI Road World Championships , but finished fourth , eight seconds behind the winner , his former teammate Rudy <unk> of Belgium .
Polling place statistics are presented below combining the votes from the Glendale and East Hamersley polling places in the federal and state elections as indicated .
In the UK , the " Race for the Prize " and " Waitin ' for a Superman " CD singles were released in 2 @-@ disc sets .
The album was reissued on vinyl for Record Store Day 2013 .
All four discs have identical track listings .
All songs written and composed by The Flaming Lips .
In El Salvador , the precursor trough produced about 2 @.@ 76 inches ( 70 mm ) of rainfall in about ten hours .
Damien Leith was also conscious of the lyrics we wrote . He added a few emotional ballads which contained strong lyrics , but had left out the songs he thought were too depressing .
Where We Land debuted on the Irish Albums Chart at number 43 on the week after its release in Ireland , remaining in the Top 75 for a second week , before falling off the chart the week after .
In 2012 , Parker and his brothers opened a nightclub , <unk> Lounge , in San Antonio . However , the business closed down within a year .
a ^ She does not appear in " Unusual Suspects " or " Travelers " .
William B. Davis as Cigarette Smoking Man ( 4 episodes )
Episodes marked with a double dagger ( ) are episodes in the series ' Alien Mythology arc .
Throughout William and Mary 's marriage , William had only one reputed mistress , Elizabeth Villiers , in contrast to the many mistresses his uncles openly kept .
In Singapore , Oldham qualified second overall for the all @-@ around competition and made the finals in four other events – the floor , pommel horse , parallel bars , and horizontal bar .
Litster 's widow Agnes was later pursued by the authorities and was made to settle his outstanding debts ( for the sum of 33 shillings and nine pence ) .
North Walsham 's town sign contains a mosaic depicting the Peasants ' Revolt .
The group was recently confirmed to be playing the Rock Star Energy Drink Uproar Festival along with other headliners Disturbed , Avenged Sevenfold , Stone Sour and Halestorm .
The plaque in St. Andrew 's Church , Weston , where she is buried , on the north wall of the tower , reads ;
Charlotte Sneyd d . 1822
efforts to suppress negative thoughts and emotions .
Response bias : objects held by Blacks are more likely to be treated as guns .
On August 7 , 2015 , it was reported that Bruno Aveillan will make his feature film debut helming the sequel , with Wirkola as a writer .
Deadline reports that Paramount is planning a Hansel & Gretel : Witch Hunters TV series . It is possible that this series may ultimately be produced in place of the proposed sequel .
The entire route is in Lake George , Warren County .
Since GRBs are thought to involve beamed emission along two jets in opposing directions , only planets in the path of these jets would be subjected to the high energy gamma radiation .
GRBs close enough to affect life in some way might occur once every five million years or so – around a thousand times since life on Earth began .
Credits taken from Allmusic .
But the early instant coffee was also often considered of poor quality , of disagreeable taste , and little more than a novelty product .
In Washington 's final years , he sold the " Franklin Farms " property , and lived in a home on New Vernon Road in Mendham .
This episode attracted 17 @.@ 09 million American viewers , standing as the seventh most watched program of the week .
The specific epithet is derived from the word <unk> , a name used by the Baka people for the tree Gilbertiodendron dewevrei that is associated with the fungus .
The central Pacific used names and numbers from the west Pacific 's naming list . No names were used , as the one storm that formed in this area went unnamed .
Minaj performed the song on select dates of her debut concert tour , the Pink Friday Tour . She also added the song to her set list for her Pink Friday : Reloaded Tour .
Writers : O. Maraj , D. James , L. Haywood , R. Golan , J. Rotem
Producers : J.R. Rotem
The name Middleton is derived from the Old English <unk> @-@ tun , in this case the middle settlement or farm on the road from Morley to Rothwell .
Middleton is in the Middleton Park electoral ward and after the 2012 council elections , is represented on Leeds City Council by three Labour councillors .
Tsamere 's partner is the racing driver and television presenter Margot Laffite ( daughter of Jacques Laffite ) ; their first child was born on 4 February 2015 .
The Bach scholar Richard D. P. Jones notes in The Creative Development of Johann Sebastian Bach :
Bach structured the cantata in eight movements : an instrumental sinfonia and seven vocal movements corresponding to the stanzas of the hymn . The duration is given as 22 minutes .
The cornett used in the cantata was an instrument that belonged to an earlier age : by the second quarter of the 18th century it had almost entirely disappeared from Bach 's compositions .
The harmony is often modal , instead of the modern tonal system .
The original autograph parts are kept in the Bach @-@ Archiv Leipzig . They were copied from the lost autograph score by six scribes , four of them known by name , including the composer .
The game is still in print ( as of May 2012 ) , and is available in printed book format or as a PDF file download from the publisher .
The IWF continues to assert that the image is indeed child porn , and asserts that the image would be blocked if it were on a British server .
The entire road is in Ironwood Township , Gogebic County .
The rows in the following table correspond to the jerseys awarded after that stage was run .
Notes cultural historian Bradford W. Wright ,
Unlike a lot of well known rivalries in comics book depictions . Spider @-@ Man is cited to have more than one archenemy and it can be debated or disputed as to which one is worse :
Rapper Eminem has cited Spider @-@ Man as one of his favorite comic book superheroes .
Fathers 4 Justice member David Chick used a Spider @-@ Man outfit to obtain publicity for fathers ' rights in London .
Since May 9 , 2013 RIAA certifications for digital singles include on @-@ demand audio and / or video song streams in addition to downloads .
The credits are taken from the iTunes exclusive digital booklet .
For the first six months of 2004 , Murray had a knee injury and couldn 't play .
Murray beat Tim Henman in their first meeting , at the Basel Swiss Indoors in the first round , and eventually reached the quarterfinals .
The 2006 season saw Murray compete on the full circuit for the first time and split with his coach Mark Petchey and team up with Brad Gilbert .
In November , the Aberdeen Cup was held for the second time , with Murray leading the Scotland team and Greg Rusedski captaining England . Scotland won 6 ½ – 1 .
In November , Murray split with his coach Brad Gilbert and added a team of experts along with Miles Maclagan , his main coach .
In November , Murray won at Valencia , but bowed out in round two of the Paris Masters . To end the season , Murray did not make it out of the round robin at the World Tour Finals in London .
At the French Open , Murray won two tough early matches , before losing in his first semifinal at Roland Garros , against Rafael Nadal .
Murray was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire ( OBE ) in the 2013 New Year Honours for services to tennis .
Murray withdrew from the tie against Ukraine after failing to shake off a virus , and Great Britain lost 4 – 1 .
Afterwards , Murray criticised the tournament schedule and cast doubt on his availability for next year ’ s Davis Cup .
These records were attained in the Open Era .
Records in bold indicate peer @-@ less achievements .
Records in italics are currently active streaks .
She currently hosts BET 's Chasing Destiny with Frank Gatson Jr . They formed a girl group , June 's Diary .
Freddy vs. Jason ( 2003 )
Brian Benben as Roger Henderson : Ecstatic writer of WBN and husband to Penny . Much to the consternation of the police force , Roger solves the murder mystery .
Scott Michael Campbell as Billy Budget : WBN page boy who is used by Roger to communicate with Penny and send scripts , despite the fact that he is trying to hide from the police .
Michael Lerner as Lieutenant Cross : Short @-@ tempered policeman who has a vendetta against Roger .
Ned Beatty as General Walt Whalen : Owner of WBN who commands his staff with a military @-@ like work environment . The General dies after falling down an elevator shaft .
Brion James as Bernie King : WBN 's main sponsor who has no sense of humor . King eventually dies from laughing gas .
Stephen Tobolowsky as Max Applewhite : WBN 's sound engineer who is found to be responsible for the murders . Max dies after getting shot atop the radio tower .
Michael McKean as Rick Rochester : WBN band conductor who despises Dexter ( McKean also appeared as Benben 's boss in Dream On ) .
Corbin Bernsen as Dexter Morris : The station 's announcer who has a smoking habit . Dexter dies of electrocution , ignoring Roger and Billy 's warning .
Bobcat Goldthwait as Wild Writer : Violent and melancholic WBN writer .
Jeffrey Tambor as Walt Whalen , Jr . : The General 's toupée @-@ wearing son and show director .
Larry Miller as Herman Katzenback : German stage manager of WBN . Herman is the third to die and is aware of Claudette 's multiple affairs with other employees .
Christopher Lloyd as Zoltan : Eccentric sound designer .
Harvey Korman as Jules Cogley : Alcoholic writer who confirms that Ruffles ' death came from poisoning .
Dylan Baker as Detective Jasper : Cross ' idiot assistant .
Jack Sheldon as Ruffles Reedy : Drunk trumpet player of Rochester 's band . He is the first to die .
All songs written by Wainwright .
Track listing adapted from Allmusic .
Credits adapted from Allmusic and the album liner notes .
It ends discriminatory provisions of the Indian Act , especially those that discriminated against women .
It changes the meaning of " status " and for the first time allows for limited reinstatement of Indians who were denied or lost status and / or Band membership .
It allows bands to define their own membership rules .
A. ^ % of the provincial or territorial population that is Aboriginal
All songs written and composed by Kieran Hebden .
Credits are adapted from the album 's liner notes .
The Constitution of the 3rd May was also translated into Lithuanian , that marked the significant change in the upper society way of thinking , marked the efforts of the modernization of the State .
In 1934 , George helped institute the Order of Daedalians , and served as that organization 's first Wing Commander .
In France , George met William " Billy " Mitchell and became convinced that Mitchell 's vision of an independent Air Force was the best future direction for the American military .
Increasing the size of the faculty by 447 positions within five years .
Building new academic facilities totaling roughly US $ 272 million .
Due to the remoteness of Pine Island Glacier , most of the information available on the ice stream comes from airborne or satellite @-@ based measurements .
Only church officials and their guests are permitted to enter . The CAB has been used for meetings between church leaders and political and community leaders .
Twenty @-@ four ionic columns form a colonnade around the structure , each weighing eight tons . The building 's exterior is constructed from 4 @,@ 517 granite blocks .
When Stewie imagines how a holiday in Hawaii would be with Rupert , he references the classic Calvin and Hobbes series .
Edmonton has a humid continental climate ( Köppen climate classification Dfb ) It falls into the NRC Plant Hardiness Zone 4a .
Edmonton 's teams have rivalries with Calgary 's teams and games between Edmonton and Calgary teams are often referred to as the Battle of Alberta .
Edmonton is a major air transportation gateway to northern Alberta and northern Canada . The Edmonton International Airport ( EIA ) is the main airport serving the city .
There is an extensive multi @-@ use trail system for bicycles and pedestrians throughout the city ; however , most of this is within the river valley parkland system .
Both the Edmonton Public Schools and the Edmonton Catholic School District provide support and resources for those wishing to homeschool their children .
Other post @-@ secondary institutions within Edmonton include Taylor University College and Seminary and Yellowhead Tribal College , a First Nations college .
Edmonton has five sister cities , with one American city listed by Sister Cities International .
After producing a South Bank Show profile and The Ghosts of Oxford Street , Harries remained good friends with Malcolm McLaren , and spoke at his funeral in April 2010 .
Princess Elizabeth ( died 1597 ) , Gustav Vasa 's youngest daughter is buried in the Finsta Chapel adjacent to Virgin Mary 's Chapel .
Olaus Rudbeck , Swedish polymath and one of the discoverers of the lymphatic system .
Eric the Saint , 12th @-@ century king and national saint , whose relics are in the Finsta Chapel .
The English translation is " Not I , but God in me . "
The UFC awarded some fighters $ 65 @,@ 000 bonuses for their performance .
Fights of the Night : Clay Guida vs. Nate Diaz and John Howard vs. Chris Wilson
The following is the reported payout to the fighters as reported to the Nevada State Athletic Commission . It does not include sponsor money or " locker room " bonuses often given by the UFC .
Several things have been named after Zhang in modern times , including the lunar crater Chang Heng , the asteroid 1802 Zhang Heng , and the mineral <unk> .
The following is a list of flex @-@ fuel automobiles and light @-@ duty vehicles available in Brazil as of December 2013 .
BMW 3 Series ( <unk> ) <unk> , BMW X1 <unk> .
Astra , Blazer , Celta , Classic , Corsa , Montana , <unk> , <unk> , S10 , Vectra , <unk> .
C3 , C4 , C4 Pallas , Xsara Picasso .
Courier , <unk> , Fiesta , Focus , Fusion , Ka , Ford Ranger CD .
Clio , Duster , Fluence , Kangoo , Grand Tour , <unk> , <unk> , Logan , <unk> , Symbol .
Bora , <unk> , Fox , Gol , Golf , <unk> , <unk> , Polo , <unk> , <unk> , Up , Voyage .
Charlie , born August 1709 .
James , born March 1713 . He married his uncle " <unk> " John 's daughter Frances . Their son John eventually became Earl of Mar after the title was restored .
Meggie , who died young in May 1717 .
Fannie , born December 1716 .
Jeannie , born in December 1717 .
In addition , Lady Grange miscarried twice and one of the above children is known to have died in 1721 .
As of December 2012 foreign rights had been sold for Brazil , the Czech Republic , Netherlands , Germany , Israel , Italy , Korea , Norway , Poland , Portugal , Spain and Turkey .
Secret River is in my mind .
I can go there any time .
Everything Mother Albirtha says is true .
The sky is gold and the river is blue .
Secret River , I love you .
And loving thoughts are cherished of one so brave and true .
Break not your heart , dear mother , we will meet on that Eternal Day .
So widely known ; so highly esteemed .
According to official reports , Bales left combat outpost Camp Belamby at 3 : 00 a.m. local time wearing night vision goggles . Bales was wearing traditional Afghan clothing over his ISAF fatigues .
The typhoon produced tropical @-@ storm force gusts and 10 in ( 250 mm ) of rain on Saipan . The impact there was minor .
Today , former District Railway tracks and stations are used by the London Underground 's District , Piccadilly and Circle lines .
Varus : Indicating that the operation was " a go " and that it would take place within 24 hours of the Varus order being given .
Hermann : Giving the exact date and time of the attack .
Dorothea : Indicating a delay in the attack .
The longest @-@ tracked hurricane was Hurricane Faith , which travelled for 6 @,@ 850 miles as a tropical cyclone . Faith is also the northern most moving tropical cyclone in the Atlantic basin .
The town is situated on the old high road , now the <unk> from Bolton to Leigh . The A577 runs from the town to Tyldesley in one direction and to Wigan in the other .
The northern part of Atherton is within the Bolton Travel to Work Area , whilst the southern part is within the Manchester TTWA . The town is within the Manchester Larger Urban Zone .
Webo Girl Publishing , Inc . ( ASCAP ) , Ultra Tunes ( ASCAP ) , Def Jam Music Publishing ( ASCAP ) , Ultra Empire ( BMI ) , Basic Studio ( <unk> ) and Cock an Ear Productions ( <unk> )
Credits and personnel adapted from MDNA album liner notes .
During the tour , accusations of lip synching arose . Spears talked to Rolling Stone about the accusations , saying ,
In 2011 , <unk> Interactive ( French publisher ) launched a remake of the game , adapted to mobile devices and computers : Barbarian - The Death Sword .
In 2012 , the Italian guitarist Marco <unk> included a cover of the main theme on his album <unk> .
Bach first performed the cantata at the Nikolaikirche on 8 April 1731 .
The following duet expresses enjoyment at God 's table in a dance , a bourrée .
The cantata closes with a four @-@ part chorale , most instruments playing colla parte , while the horns play different parts because of their limited range .
Breckinridge Hall , a three @-@ story building on Morehead State University 's campus , is named for Robert J. Breckinridge .
Our country – its peril and its deliverance .
Some Thoughts on the Development of the Presbyterian Church in the U.S.A.
Letter of Robert J. Breckinridge to the Second Presbyterian Church of Baltimore
Robert J. Breckinridge 's speech at the laying of the cornerstone of the Clay Monument
Rideau Cottage was recognized as a Recognized Federal Heritage Building on 3 October 1986 .
Credits are adapted from the album 's liner notes .
By the early 1970s , Rudolph successfully encouraged the league to adopt a plain gray referee uniform over the traditional " zebra " shirt to de @-@ emphasize the presence of officials in games .
The term " commutative " is used in several related senses .
The commutativity of addition is observed when paying for an item with cash . Regardless of the order the bills are handed over in , they always give the same total .
Some binary truth functions are also commutative , since the truth tables for the functions are the same when one changes the order of the operands .
For example , the logical biconditional function p ↔ q is equivalent to q ↔ p . This function is also written as p IFF q , or as p ≡ q , or as <unk> .
Further examples of commutative binary operations include addition and multiplication of complex numbers , addition and scalar multiplication of vectors , and intersection and union of sets .
Washing and drying clothes resembles a noncommutative operation ; washing and then drying produces a markedly different result to drying and then washing .
Rotating a book 90 ° around a vertical axis then 90 ° around a horizontal axis produces a different orientation than when the rotations are performed in the opposite order .
The twists of the Rubik 's Cube are noncommutative . This can be studied using group theory .
where " <formula> " is a <unk> symbol representing " can be replaced in a proof with . "
A commutative semigroup is a set endowed with a total , associative and commutative operation .
An abelian group , or commutative group is a group whose group operation is commutative .
A commutative ring is a ring whose multiplication is commutative . ( Addition in a ring is always commutative . )
In a field both addition and multiplication are commutative .
Most commutative operations encountered in practice are also associative . However , commutativity does not imply associativity . A counterexample is the function
Some forms of symmetry can be directly linked to commutativity . When a commutative operator is written as a binary function then the resulting function is symmetric across the line y
x + y then f is a symmetric function , which can be seen in the image on the right .
For relations , a symmetric relation is analogous to a commutative operation , in that if a relation R is symmetric , then <formula> .
Abstract algebra theory . Covers commutativity in that context . Uses property throughout book .
Linear algebra theory . Explains commutativity in chapter 1 , uses it throughout .
Abstract algebra theory . Uses commutativity property throughout book .
Hurley , Patrick ( 1991 ) . A Concise Introduction to Logic 4th edition . Wadsworth Publishing .
http : / / <unk> / web / <unk> / http : / / <unk> / resources / <unk> Lumpkin , B. ( 1997 ) . The Mathematical Legacy Of Ancient Egypt - A Response To Robert <unk> . Unpublished manuscript .
Article describing the mathematical ability of ancient civilizations .
Translation and interpretation of the Rhind Mathematical Papyrus .
Weisstein , Eric W. , " Commute " , <unk> . , Accessed 8 August 2007 .
O 'Conner , J J and Robertson , E F. MacTutor history of real numbers , Accessed 8 August 2007
O 'Conner , J J and Robertson , E F. MacTutor biography of François Servois , Accessed 8 August 2007
Credits adapted from the liner notes of Bon Voyage .
Crank Tha Bass feat . OVDS
Crank Tha Bass feat . OVDS : Found on the album ( 2014 )
Crank Tha Bass feat . OVDS [ <unk> vs <unk> Remix ] : Found on Koda Kumi Driving Hit 's 6 ( 2014 )
Crank Tha Bass feat . OVDS [ OVDS Remix ] : Found on Koda Kumi Driving Hit 's 6 ( 2014 )
LOADED feat . Sean Paul
LOADED feat . Sean Paul : Found on the album ( 2014 )
LOADED feat . Sean Paul [ <unk> <unk> Remix ] : Found on Koda Kumi Driving Hit 's 6 ( 2014 )
The entire route is in Niagara County .
The following countries have graduated from their eligibility for IDA lending .
The following countries have relapsed to their eligibility for IDA lending and have not yet re @-@ graduated or have instead become partially eligible ( also referred to as a blend country ) .
Credits adapted from the liner notes of Alright , Still .
Credits adapted from 4 liner notes .
The Thayer School shares the Murdough Center ( containing the Feldberg Business & Engineering Library ) with the adjacent Tuck School of Business .
All songs by Super Furry Animals .
Mr. Largo catches Lisa looking outside at Nelson during a music lesson , and as a result is given detention . After school , she continues to watch Nelson and develops a crush on the bully .
This is also one of several episodes that has been performed live by the cast in front of an audience .
The type and caliber of the weapons were classified or open to interpretation by the industry . The IFV variant was notable for having a non @-@ lethal weapon requirement .
it represents a boat fare .
Literally , " You can 't get [ any obols ] from one who doesn 't have any . "
See Cupid and Psyche for a synopsis of Apuleius 's narrative .
Anglo @-@ Saxon and early – medieval Irish missionaries took the idea of a viaticum literally , carrying the Eucharistic bread and oil with them everywhere .
Episodes marked with a double dagger ( ) are episodes in the series ' Alien Mythology arc .
Three armies were involved in the battle : Napoleon 's Armée du Nord ; a multinational army under Wellington ; and a Prussian army under Blücher .
Our officers of cavalry have acquired a trick of galloping at everything . They never consider the situation , never think of manoeuvring before an enemy , and never keep back or provide a reserve .
The blows of the sabres on the <unk> sounded like braziers at work .
The success Napoleon needed to continue his offensive had occurred . Ney was on the verge of breaking the Allied centre .
The time they occupied in approaching seemed interminable . Both they and my watch seemed to have stuck fast .
Night or the Prussians must come .
The 4th Grenadiers , seeing their comrades retreat and having suffered heavy casualties themselves , now wheeled right about and retired .
The alleged remark by Wellington about the alteration of the battlefield as described by Hugo was never documented , however .
The scales of a snake primarily serve to reduce friction as it moves , since friction is the major source of energy loss in snake locomotion .
Sources . Details for this section have been sourced from scale diagrams in Malcolm Smith . Details of scales of Buff @-@ striped <unk> have been taken from Daniels .
Anterior chin shield , Anterior <unk> .
Posterior chin shield , Posterior <unk> .
During the 2005 season , his first year , Kafka redshirted in order for him to learn the Northwestern Wildcats ' offensive system .
As of 2005 , seven subspecies are recognised .
Endoparasites carried by polecats include the cestodes Taenia <unk> and T. <unk> and the nematodes <unk> patens , Strongyloides <unk> , <unk> putorii , <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> .
A caged polecat appears as a key character of Saki 's short story " <unk> <unk> " .
Following the war , King George V spent three years as the flagship of the British Home Fleet , was placed in reserve in 1949 , and scrapped eight years later .
During her career , King George V was refitted on several occasions in order to update her equipment . The following are the dates and details of the refits undertaken :
HAT @-@ P @-@ 33b has an orbital inclination of <unk> as seen from Earth . The planet is , thus , almost edge @-@ on when seen from Earth . The planet has been observed to transit its host star .
Denis O 'Hare as Dr. Sevard
Griffin Dunne as Dr. Vass
Kevin Rankin as T. J.
Scott Takeda as Mr. Yamata
In April 2015 , an Australian federal judge , Justice Nye Perram ruled that ISPs must hand over contact information related to the IP addresses associated with sharing the movie .
A Chinese population was described as a separate species in 1987 and given the name Perovskia <unk> , but has since been considered synonymous with P. atriplicifolia .
It attracts bees , birds , and butterflies , and contributes color to gardens — both the blue of its late @-@ season flowers , and the silvery colors of its winter stalks .
If the Russian force leaves the Pratzen Heights in order to go to the right side , they will certainly be defeated .
By 1 December 1805 , the French troops had been shifted in accordance with the Allied movement southward , as Napoleon expected .
I was ... under fierce and continuous canister fire ... Many soldiers , now incessantly engaged in battle from 7 a.m. to 4 p.m. , had no cartridges left . I could do nothing but retreat ...
After hearing the news of Austerlitz William Pitt referred to a map of Europe , " Roll up that map ; it will not be wanted these ten years . "
Duckles took note of the bold lyrics to song no . 73 :
The song " Oh yt mine eyes " , a graphic meditation on the Crucifixion of Jesus , is the only song in the collection to deal with a religious subject .
This table is based on the table of contents listed in Jorgens , supplemented with composer , lyricist attributions and other remarks from Duckles 1953 .
The table below shows the status of the various listed buildings in the grounds of Somerhill House .
Formby 's screen persona influenced Norman Wisdom in the 1950s and Charlie Drake in the following decade , although both these performers used pathos , which Formby avoided .
At the Pacific Military Conference in March 1943 , the Joint Chiefs of Staff approved MacArthur 's plan for Operation Cartwheel , the advance on Rabaul . MacArthur explained his strategy :
During this period , MacArthur , never a modest man , grew more self @-@ important and egoistical . <unk> Bowers , one of MacArthur 's aides during this period recalled :
And like the old soldier of that ballad , I now close my military career and just fade away , an old soldier who tried to do his duty as God gave him the light to see that duty .
Before the live broadcast of the event began , William Regal and Paul Burchill defeated Paul London and Brian Kendrick in a tag team match that aired on the Sunday Night Heat pre @-@ show .
Bold denotes league @-@ leading statistic .
January 3 , 1998 – Traded by the Vancouver Canucks with Martin Gélinas to the Carolina Hurricanes for Sean Burke , Enrico Ciccone , and Geoff Sanderson .
On November 6 , 2009 , Judah took on Ubaldo Hernandez from Mexico at Palms Resort , in Las Vegas , Nevada . The former Undisputed Welterweight Champion won the fight by TKO in the second round .
a . ^ Includes matches in Inter @-@ Cities Fairs Cup , European Cup , European Cup Winners ' Cup , and UEFA Cup competitions .
The cancellation of Oswald 's appointment does not appear to have silenced Oswald , who appears active in England , a kingdom which supported Urban VII .
And to the <unk> <unk> .
Some historians claim that the Cumans aided the Wallachians in the battle . In 1324 , Wallachia was a vassal of Hungary , and Robert referred to Basarab as " our Transalpine Voivode " .
Robert entered Curtea de <unk> , the main city of the Wallachian state . He realised that Basarab had fled into the mountains and decided to give chase .
The Cenél nGabráin , in Kintyre , supposedly the descendants of Gabrán mac Domangairt .
The Cenél nÓengusa , in Islay and Jura , supposedly the descendants of Óengus Mór mac <unk> .
The Cenél Loairn , in Lorne , perhaps also Mull and Ardnamurchan , supposedly the descendants of Loarn mac <unk> .
The Cenél Comgaill , in Cowal and Bute , a later addition , supposedly the descendants of Comgall mac Domangairt .
It has been proposed that some of the more obscure kings of Dál Riata mentioned in the Annals of Ulster , such as <unk> ua <unk> and <unk> may have been kings of Irish Dál Riata .
In Julian May 's Saga of Pliocene Exile series , the non @-@ born Aiken Drum 's homeworld is an ethnic Scottish planet called Dalriada .
In the Lost Girl TV series , the pub where the Light Fae and the Dark Fae mingle is called the Dal Riata ; named after the ancient kingdom .
Dalriada is the name of a Hungarian folk metal band : Dalriada .
His memorial service was held at The Little Church of the Flowers in Glendale , California , after which he was interred in Forest Lawn Memorial Park , also in Glendale .
All songs were composed by Thelonious Monk , except where noted .
Teams that qualified for the playoffs are highlighted in bold .
The list of players in the history of the team is presented below .
All player stats taken from Hockey @-@ Reference.com
The odor of this mushroom is indistinct but with age can become unpleasant , like that of decay or cheese . The fungus is said to taste oily bitter or bitter metallic .
While The Twilight Saga has been successful in the box office , critical reception of the films was mixed , and significantly declined as the series continued .
The 2010 Portuguese teen series Lua <unk> ( Red Moon ) had a similar premise of vampire romance but differed in the story .
The 2012 animated movie Hotel Transylvania has a scene inspired by Twilight .
The 2013 Filipino comedy sitcom entitled My Daddy is a Vampire resembled some Twilight scenes .
Gash awaits Edge in the desert , to no avail . Travelling alone , Azel asks directions across treacherous land .
Prior to the arrival of Vera , schools and government offices were shut down . Railway services were suspended ; Philippine Airlines called off domestic services .
Matthew Medvedev as Matthew the Baby : The infant son of the wealthy Lee family , kidnapped by Thongs , Octopus and the Landlord on behalf of a triad boss .
Yuen Biao ( <unk> ) as Inspector Steve Mok ( <unk> ) : The policeman in charge of the case involving the baby 's disappearance .
Teresa Carpio as The Landlady ( <unk> ) : The Landlord 's wife . Driven mad by the death of her only son many years earlier , the Landlady carries a doll of a baby boy with her at all times .
Terence Yin ( <unk> ) as Max : The former boyfriend of the baby 's mother who claims the baby as his . He dies from a fall following a struggle for the baby in a hospital soon after it is born .
Chen <unk> ( <unk> ) as The Triad boss : Having lost his only son Max , the triad boss will stop at nothing to capture the baby .
Ken Lo ( <unk> ) and Hayama Go ( <unk> ) as <unk> and Tokyo Joe : Two high @-@ ranking minions of the triad gang .
The Dole effect describes trends in δ18O arising from trends in the relative importance of land @-@ dwelling and oceanic photosynthesizers . Such a variation is a plausible cause of the phenomenon .
It must retain the gas well enough to stay aloft for 30 days .
The hydrogen gas must be manufactured , and the balloon filled , at the Arctic launch site .
It must be at least somewhat steerable .
In 1983 , American composer Dominick Argento created a song cycle for baritone and piano entitled The Andrée Expedition . This cycle sets to music texts from the diaries and letters .
An account of the expedition is included in The Ghost Disease and Twelve Other Stories of Detective Work in the Medical Field , by Michael Howell and Peter Ford ( Penguin , 1986 ) .
In 2013 the NIE Theatre Group produced a play about the expedition , entitled North , North , North , and presented it on tour around the UK .
The song was nominated for a 2011 Grammy Award in the category Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group , but lost to " On to the Next One " by Jay @-@ Z and Swizz Beatz .
neurotic – nail @-@ biters , pickers , extreme hair removal and unnecessary cosmetic surgery .
religious – self @-@ <unk> and others .
puberty rites – hymen removal , circumcision or clitoral alteration .
organic brain diseases – which allow repetitive head @-@ banging , hand @-@ biting , finger @-@ fracturing or eye removal .
conventional – nail @-@ clipping , trimming of hair and shaving beards .
After the 1970s the focus of self @-@ harm shifted from Freudian psycho @-@ sexual drives of the patients .
Walsh and Rosen ( 1988 ) created four categories numbered by Roman numerals I – IV , defining Self @-@ mutilation as rows II , III and IV .
The roots of Epacris impressa are colonized by fungi forming ericoid mycorrhiza . It is believed that the fungal species vary between regions .
A form with deep pink flowers on long spikes , ' Spring Pink ' appears in spring . It grows to 60 cm ( 2 @.@ 0 ft ) high .
Competitive stone @-@ lifting is still continued in modern times , and a number of competitive forms of stone @-@ lifting exist , employing different physical techniques .
Stone @-@ lifting contests still take place in the modern era . The city of <unk> , Okayama hosts an annual competition in which local teams participate .
All credits as producer unless otherwise noted .
You Break It ... You Bought It ( 1975 )
But Seriously , Folks ... ( 1978 )
Nightmares ... and Other Tales from the Vinyl Jungle ( 1974 )
The entire route is in Westchester County .
Tool signed to Zoo Entertainment in November 1991 and released the Opiate EP the following year . To support this release , the band toured with Fishbone and Rage Against the Machine .
In May 2015 , Keenan made a cameo in an episode of Comedy Bang ! Bang ! as fictional punk musician Barf Edwards .
In a January 2013 interview with Phoenix New Times , Keenan announced he is working on an autobiography .
Two songs bear the name of Maynard 's mother , Judith Marie Keenan : the song " Wings for Marie ( Pt . 1 ) " by Tool and " Judith " by A Perfect Circle .
Carey has starred in only a few television shows and films , but also has numerous guest star appearances in a variety of sitcoms and comedy shows .
Daft Punk as disc jockey programs at Castor 's End of Line Club .
Steven Lisberger as <unk> , a bartender in the End of Line Club .
Jeffrey Nordling as Richard Mackey , the chairman of ENCOM 's executive board .
The episode also comments on the series ' fanbase . Near the end of the episode , Madden and Summerall provide the following analysis :
The beginning of the episode 's third act shows Marge and Lisa watching a Super Bowl commercial . In his book The gospel according to the Simpsons , Mark I. Pinsky described the commercial :
The core of the city was destroyed by fire several times , the most famous of which was the Great Fire of 1892 .
Guglielmo Marconi received the first transatlantic wireless signal in St. John 's on December 1901 from his wireless station in Poldhu , Cornwall .
The Nickel Film Festival and the St. John 's International Women 's Film Festival are two independent film festivals held annually in St. John 's .
The Railway Coastal Museum is a transportation museum located in the 104 @-@ year @-@ old Newfoundland and Labrador train station building on Water Street .
St. John 's has been home to several professional hockey franchises . Currently it is home to the St. John 's IceCaps the minor league affiliate of the Montreal Canadiens .
The St. John 's Avalon Harps are the local Hurling and Gaelic Football team , that compete in Canadian GAA events .
St. John 's has a substantial harbour . Among other things , the harbour is the base for the following Canadian Coast Guard ( CCG ) ships :
CCGS George R. Pearkes – icebreaker
CCGS Louis S. St @-@ Laurent – icebreaker
CCGS Leonard J. Cowley – multi role
St. John 's is served by Eastern Health , Newfoundland and Labrador 's largest health authority .
The city 's major hospitals include the Health Sciences Centre , St. Clare 's Mercy Hospital , Waterford Hospital and the Janeway Children 's Health and Rehabilitation Centre .
Although Dynasty Warriors 4 does allow for some player input into how the story unfolds , the three main kingdoms ' ' Musou Modes ' follow the main events of the Romance of the Three Kingdoms story .
Having united the land , Liu Bei will ride on a victory march with his generals , and enter the capital in a glorious procession .
Cao Cao and his generals will then make a victory march into the capital , waved at by local peasants .
With the land in their hands , the Wu have a victory march into the capital city .
In addition to predation by birds of prey such as the peregrine falcon , this small martin has been recorded in the diet of the greater false vampire bat , <unk> lyra .
Credits adapted from the liner notes of Endgame .
All exits are unnumbered .
In 2012 , State Organs : Transplant Abuse in China , edited by David Matas and Torsten Trey was published with contributions from a dozen specialists .
Trees can live to 100 years or more . They have been known to resprout after bushfire , bearing fruit within three years .
The light @-@ coloured wood is soft and brittle . Lightweight , it has some value in the making of such items as toys and small boxes .
Two other former Vice Presidents died in the same year as Wilson – John C. Breckinridge and Andrew Johnson .
Nason , Elias ; Russell , Thomas ( 1876 ) . The Life and Public Services of Henry Wilson . Boston : B.B. Russell .
Baseball America rated Pineda as the second best prospect in the Mariners ' system before the 2011 season . Baseball America also rated him the sixteenth best prospect in all of baseball .
Beforehand , a ship crashes through Quahog buildings , a reference to Speed 2 : Cruise Control .
In one cutaway scene , W. Frederick Gerhardt 's <unk> crashing is parodied .
Peter discusses Scrubs with Horace in the bar , a show for which both Neil Goldman and Garrett Donovan have written .
The airplane that defeats Ernie the Giant Chicken in the fight is a mirror reference to the climatic scene in Raiders of the Lost Ark .
Stewie being launched into a tree is a reference to The Brady Bunch .
Helena Bonham Carter as Mrs. Lovett
Rufus Wainwright recalled accompanying Thomas Lauderdale , the musician known for his work with the Portland @-@ based band Pink Martini , to the club .
Siri Nilsen was born in Oslo , Norway where she grew up in the borough of Sagene . As a child she appeared in two Norwegian films , one of which , Maja <unk> ( 1996 ) , she co @-@ starred in .
In addition to her solo career , Nilsen is part of the Oslo @-@ based musician and poet community , " Blues Run The Game , " together with musicians Arild <unk> and Jens Carelius , among others .
Nilsen sometimes incorporates effects pedals as part of her singing . The pedals enable her to sample elements of her singing which she then loops as a backing track while singing lead .
In June 2012 , Siri Nilsen gave birth to a daughter with Norwegian actor and comedian Anders Bye , with whom she has been in a relationship for several years .
Historians have described the episode as one of the most bizarre and spectacular tragedies in Californian history and western @-@ US migration .
Leonardo DiCaprio as Frank Abagnale , Jr . Before his 19th birthday , Frank successfully conned millions of dollars ’ worth of checks as a Pan Am pilot , doctor , and Louisiana parish prosecutor .
Amy Adams as Brenda Strong . Before becoming a nurse , Brenda had an abortion . Her strict Lutheran parents disown her , until they meet Frank , Jr .
Nancy <unk> as Carol Strong , Brenda 's mother and Roger 's wife . When thinking that Frank , Jr. is a doctor , lawyer and Lutheran , she is highly ecstatic for her daughter 's marriage .
Although Landis was an autocrat in the courtroom , he was less so at home . In a 1916 interview , he stated ,
By 1919 , the influence of gamblers on baseball had been a problem for several years . Historian Paul Gardner wrote ,
The jubilation proved short @-@ lived . On August 3 , Landis issued a statement :
In total , Landis banned eighteen players from the game . Landis biographer Pietrusza details the effect of Landis 's stand against gambling :
Credits adapted from Broke with Expensive Taste liner notes .
Due to the small size of Hurricane Bonnie , damage was relatively light , totaling to $ 42 million . The storm was also attributed to five deaths , four in Texas and one in Louisiana .
Landmarks in Arad include the ruins of Tel Arad , Arad Park , a domestic airfield and Israel 's first legal race circuit . The city is known for its annual summer music festival , The Arad Festival .
The western part of Arad is made up of Loess land , while the eastern part is made up of sedimentary rock , including chalk , flint and dolomite .
The Negev and Galilee Development Ministry envisions a tripling of Arad 's population by 2025 .
Gan <unk> ( a.k.a. Park <unk> ) , the park at the entrance to the city , with monuments of various desert animals
Whitney sports fifteen advanced placement classes , ranging from subjects in foreign language and core classes to <unk> electives , such as art .
Whitney High School 's student government is known as the Associated Student Body , or ASB . The association is responsible for organizing rallies , dances , and other schoolwide activities .
The ninth @-@ place finish guaranteed Greece a place in the final of the Eurovision Song Contest 2007 .
Wallhead then captured the Cage Gladiators British Welterweight Title , defeating the UFC veteran Jason Tan .
Wallhead then began to show improved boxing and knockout power in his next few fights , the first of which was against Tom Haddock in April 2008 who he defeated via submission due to punches .
In September 2009 , Wallhead won the Clash of Warriors Welterweight title by defeating Marius <unk> .
Wallhead 's overall control , strategy and constant aggression led to him taking a unanimous decision .
Wallhead 's first appearance in the tournament was scheduled to be at Bellator 15 against the American Jacob McClintock .
In the fourth season welterweight tournament opening round , Wallhead faced fellow judoka , Rick Hawn , losing via unanimous decision .
He competed at BAMMA 8 in a welterweight bout against Joey Villasenor , winning via first round KO .
Wallhead returned to Bellator to compete in the season seven welterweight tournament . His opening round match was against Lyman Good . He lost the fight via unanimous decision .
On its fatal flight the Amana was carrying 24 passengers , including 2 infants . All except Edgar Forwood died in the crash or the ensuing inferno . Passengers included :
Five Polish immigrants ( including an infant ) , previously of the Northam Migration Camp , travelling to Adelaide .
The Anglican Bishop of the Riverina , Bishop Charles Murray .
The Anglican Dean of Newcastle , the Very Reverend Norman Blow .
Victor Anquetil , an executive of Charles Read Limited in Melbourne .
Stan Baker , an employee of <unk> Petroleum Company . In 1931 Mr Baker was booked to fly on the fatal flight of the Southern Cloud but finally travelled by train instead .
Kenneth Douglas , the managing director of Winterbottom Motor Company .
Douglas Engler , secretary of the Pioneer Bus Company .
Vincent Finnigan , a world authority on diesel @-@ electric locomotives and electric traction .
Six other male passengers , four other female passengers and an infant .
ANA was not in the practice of performing a fuel @-@ drain check immediately after each re @-@ fuelling , as required by Air Navigation Orders .
fuel companies that supply fuel to aircraft should be required to check every compartment in a tanker wagon for the presence of water each time fuel in the tanker wagon is replenished .
Mostly because of the ambiguity in what the Burnside Fountain is depicting , Turtle Boy pops up occasionally in social media . The sculpture also appeared on comedian Daniel Tosh 's Tosh.0 blog .
To promote the album Hudson went on a tour , opening for Phil Joel , Earthsuit , and V * Enna and later a 46 @-@ state solo tour .
Credits extracted from Katy Hudson liner notes .
Adapted from Katy Hudson liner notes .
She 's the Fighting Temeraire .
A contemporary account said that King Charles in person worked manually , that day or later , to help throw water on flames and to help demolish buildings to make a firebreak .
Abroad in the Netherlands , the Great Fire of London was seen as a divine retribution for Holmes 's Bonfire , the burning by the English of a Dutch town during the Second Anglo @-@ Dutch War .
William Harrison Ainsworth 's novel Old St Paul 's is set during the events of the fire .
The Great Fire was released on ITV television in 2014 . It was shown in four episodes . It constructs a fictional scenario involving the Pudding Lane baker 's family in an alleged popish plot .
The round " London 's Burning " is said to be about the Great Fire . However , the first notation of a song in this theme dates from 1580 as " Scotland 's Burning " .
For location details and current status of the preserved ( rebuilt ) locomotive , see : List of K and K1 class locomotives .
SAS has product sets for specific industries , such as government , retail , telecommunications and aerospace and for marketing optimization or high @-@ performance computing .
Credits adapted from the liner notes of Stripped , RCA Records .
Credits and personnel as per Remixed & Revisited Allmusic credits .
Actress and radio show host Janeane Garofalo drew criticism by allowing actress Leah Remini , then a Scientologist , to promote the project on her Air America Radio show .
Credits adapted from The Emancipation of Mimi liner notes .
Note : the list does not include holders known only through their seals but otherwise unidentified , or anonymous holders .
Note : the list does not include holders known only through their seals but otherwise unidentified , or anonymous holders .
The dignity survived until the end of the Byzantine Empire . The historian Sphrantzes equated the Ottoman post of Agha of the Janissaries to the Grand Droungarios of the Watch .
Note : the list does not include holders known only through their seals but otherwise unidentified , or anonymous holders .
In 2014 , The Simpsons writers picked " Burning Down the Mouse " from this episode as one of their nine favorite " Itchy & Stratchy " episodes of all time .
In Sri Lankan <unk> Buddhist areas he is known as Gana deviyo , and revered along with Buddha , Vishnu , Skanda and others .
Some devotees see similarities between the shape of Ganesha 's body in iconography and the shape of Aum in the Devanāgarī and Tamil scripts .
One of the most important Sanskrit texts , that enjoys authority in Ganapatya tradition states John Grimes , is the Ganapati Atharvashirsa .
Commercial and cultural contacts extended India 's influence in Western and Southeast Asia . Ganesha is one of a number of Hindu deities who consequently reached foreign lands .
The Silk road was one of the first trade routes to join the Eastern and the Western worlds . According to <unk> <unk> ( 2000 ) :
In May 2004 the United States of America signed the American Free trade Agreement with five Central American nations .
Air transport particularly favors light , expensive and small products : electronic media rather than books , for example , and refined drugs rather than bulk food .
Part III : The significance of this drama and the possible healing that would come from Man 's acceptance of his Shadow in relation to his Light .
The main concentrations of employment are at Chaddock Lane between Astley and Mosley Common and at Parr Brow to the north of Mosley Common .
Tyldesley was the birthplace of professional wrestler , Lord James Blears .
It is also recorded that Hasekura served as a samurai during the Japanese invasion of Korea under the Taiko Toyotomi Hideyoshi , for six months in 1597 .
Following these fights , orders were promulgated on 4 and 5 March to bring peace back . The orders explained that :
Chimalpahin gives some account of the visit of Hasekura .
The fleet left for Europe on the San Jose on 10 June . Hasekura had to leave the largest parts of the Japanese group behind , who were to wait in Acapulco for the return of the embassy .
The fleet arrived in Sanlúcar de Barrameda on 5 October 1614 .
The embassy stayed eight months in Spain before leaving the country for Italy .
The visit of the Japanese Embassy is recorded in the city 's chronicles as led by " Philip Francis Faxicura , Ambassador to the Pope , from Date <unk> , King of <unk> in Japan " .
The visit of Hasekura Tsunenaga to Saint @-@ Tropez in 1615 is the first recorded instance of France – Japan relations .
The Pope agreed to the dispatch of missionaries , but left the decision for trade to the King of Spain .
The Roman Senate also gave to Hasekura the honorary title of Roman Noble and Roman Citizen , in a document he brought back to Japan , and which is preserved today in Sendai .
Hasekura also did bring back to Japan several Catholic artifacts , but he did not give them to his ruler , and instead kept them in his own estate .
Approximately 700 inhabitants of Coria del Río bear the surname Japón ( originally Hasekura de Japón ) , identifying them as descendants of the members of Hasekura Tsunenaga 's delegation .
A theme park describing the embassy and displaying a replica of the San Juan Bautista was established in the harbour of Ishinomaki , from which Hasekura initially departed on his voyage .
Today there stands a statue of Hasekura in a park in Manila , the Philippines .
Shusaku Endo wrote a 1980 novel , titled The Samurai , a fictitious account relating the travels of Hasekura .
The entire route is in Atlantic County .
Phan <unk> Long is a quickly developing street at the junction of Districts 1 , Binh Thanh , and Phu <unk> .
All music composed by Sleater @-@ Kinney .
Credits are adapted from AllMusic .
Credits adapted from the liner notes of Electra Heart .
Credits adapted from the liner notes of Electra Heart .
M. cerebralis has many diverse stages ranging from single cells to relatively large spores , not all of which have been studied in detail .
All songs written and composed by Super Furry Animals except where noted .
Total Austrian force : 8 @,@ 000 men .
Also in 1889 , Fuller was awarded a prize by the Victorian Artists Society for best portrait by an artist under twenty @-@ five .
Fuller painted other works for the <unk> . In a 1937 piece reflecting on early twentieth @-@ century art in Western Australia , a reviewer recalled :
There is no documentation detailing exactly when Kentucky 's provisional government ceased operation . It is assumed to have dissolved upon the conclusion of the Civil War .
Credits adapted from the liner notes of Looking 4 Myself , RCA Records .
North Island is part of the Houtman Abrolhos Important Bird Area , identified as such by BirdLife International because of its importance for supporting large numbers of breeding seabirds .
Members of the Council were to be appointed after consultation with the Prime Minister , but at the President 's discretion .
No member should belong to a political party .
Membership would be assigned and renewed for a specified period of either three , six or nine years .
Proceedings should be held in public .
Appointments to the Council are made by the President on the advice of the Cabinet .
There are two categories members , namely , permanent and non @-@ permanent members , with the permanent members holding life tenure .
Members of Parliament ( MPs ) , including ministers , are not precluded from sitting in the Council and serving their terms in Parliament simultaneously .
Affiliation with a political party is not a bar to Council membership .
Bills that the Prime Minister certifies as affecting " the defence or security of Singapore , or which relate to the public safety , peace or good order of Singapore " .
Bills that the Prime Minister certifies to be so urgent that any delay in enactment would be detrimental to the public welfare .
The Council may also make a report on any written law in force on 9 January 1970 , but there is no constitutional provision that requires Parliament or the relevant Minister to act on it .
Constitution of the Republic of Singapore ( 1999 Reprint ) .
Maintenance of Religious Harmony Act ( Cap . <unk> , 2001 Rev. Ed . ) ( " <unk> " ) .
Unlike every other variant of the CFM56 , the <unk> features a mixed @-@ exhaust nozzle , which offers slightly higher efficiency .
Length : 98 @.@ 7 in ( 2 @.@ 5 m )
Diameter : 61 in ( 1 @.@ 55 m ) ( fan )
Overall pressure ratio : 32 @.@ 8 : 1
Bypass ratio : 5 @.@ 5 : 1
Thrust @-@ to @-@ weight ratio : 3 @.@ 7 : 1
The Irish Mercantile Marine during World War II continued essential overseas trade in the conflict , a period referred to as The Long Watch by Irish mariners .
There were never more than 800 men , at any one time , serving on Irish ships in the war .
The Cymric was not so fortunate , she vanished in the same waters without a trace .
All lyrics written by Pete Wentz , all music composed by Fall Out Boy .
The two flight attendants were Debra Andrews Taylor and Janice King . Janice King , who was seated in the aft <unk> , died in the crash .
Cromer is one of only two former M & GNJR stations to remain operational on Network Rail , the other being the neighbouring West <unk> .
The station is currently served only by local services operated by ' Abellio Greater Anglia ' on the Bittern Line from Norwich to Sheringham .
Because of its historical position as the terminus of the line from Melton Constable and Sheringham to the west , trains running via Cromer reverse direction on leaving the station .
The species was named after the original collector , G. Bernard . Agaricus bernardii is commonly known as the salt @-@ loving mushroom .
The species is found in Asia , Europe , North America ( including Mexico ) and New Zealand .
After that time , Goldfaden continued miscellaneous newspaper work , but the stage became his main focus .
After the successful run in Galaţi came a less successful attempt in Brăila , but by now the company had honed its act and it was time to go to the capital , Bucharest .
And believe no more in foolishness .
In November 2009 , Goldfaden was the subject of postage stamps issued jointly by Israel and Romania .
Sources disagree about the dates ( and even the names ) of some of Goldfaden 's plays . The titles here represent <unk> Yiddish > English transliteration , though other variants exist .
Di <unk> <unk> ( Aunt Susie ) wr . 1869
Goldfaden wrote hundreds of songs and poems . Among his most famous are :
In June 2016 , IUPAC endorsed the latter proposal to be formally accepted by the end of the year .
Both the old and new bridges are geographically mostly in Arkansas , as the state lines were determined prior to the shift west of the Mississippi River .
Advances to a further round .
Disqualified from tournament .
The squad for the season consisted of the players listed in the tables below , as well as staff members Heynckes ( manager ) , Mourinho ( manager ) , Toni ( manager ) and Mozer ( assistant coach ) .
Note 1 : Note : Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules . Players may hold more than one non @-@ FIFA nationality .
Maryland was kept out of the war following the kamikaze attacks .
Before the event aired live on pay @-@ per @-@ view , Scott Steiner defeated Rico in a match on Sunday Night Heat , which aired on TNN .
Ocular ( <unk> conditions ) , characterised by alterations to the eyes , occurring when breathing increased pressures of oxygen for extended periods .
There still exist some vines which have been neither grafted nor destroyed by phylloxera , including some owned by Bollinger .
Throughout its path , Fabian killed 8 people and caused US $ 300 million in damages , primarily in Bermuda .
God bless our children , let them be like the olive tree of <unk> , let them grow and expand , let them be like Ngong Hills like Mt . Kenya , like Mt . Kilimanjaro and multiply in number .
The rocks that form Mount Kenya are mainly basalts , rhomb <unk> , <unk> , <unk> and <unk> . <unk> was first reported by Gregory in 1900 following his study of the geology of Mount Kenya .
Northey , Krapf , Gregory , Lewis , Diamond , Darwin , Forel , Heim , Tyndall , Cesar , Josef .
The region where the glaciers have recently retreated from is nival zone . It is the area that plants have not yet been able to colonise .
Many plant species in the Afro @-@ alpine zone of Mount Kenya are giant versions of lowland ( or temperate ) relatives . However , nearer the nival zone the plants decrease in size again .
In 1892 , Teleki and von Höhnel returned to the eastern side , but were unable to get through the forest .
In March 2012 a massive fire raged on Mount Kenya , devouring thousands of hectares of ancient forests and endangered wildlife .
The origin of the name Kenya is not clear , but perhaps linked to the Kikuyu , Embu and Kamba words <unk> , <unk> and <unk> which mean " God 's resting place " in all three languages .
The second type of names that were given to peaks are after European climbers and explorers . Some examples of this are Shipton , Sommerfelt , Tilman , Dutton and Arthur .
Best , Nicholas ( 2014 ) . Point Lenana . Thistle Publishing / Kindle Single .
Shuffle ! contains a leitmotif of allusions to flowers . All of the characters ' names are references to flowers in some way , mostly genera of flowering plants .
Calderwood returned during the night and restored calm . He asked saloons to close , and he imprisoned several miners who had instigated outbursts of violence .
Tolkien states that he is going to give an account of Old English metre using modern English , bringing out " the ancestral kinship of the two languages , as well as the differences between them " .
where 4 means a full lift ( maximum stress ) and 1 is the lowest dip in stress .
Belloni issued a final ruling that the tribes were entitled to a fair and equitable portion of the fish harvest . The court retained continuing jurisdiction , and his order was not appealed .
The Science Fiction and Fantasy Hall of Fame inducted Vonnegut posthumously in 2015 .
An iridium @-@ based organic LED material has been documented , and found to be much brighter than DPA or PPV , so could be the basis for flexible OLED lighting in the future .
Their resistance to arc erosion makes iridium alloys ideal for electrical contacts for spark plugs , and iridium @-@ based spark plugs are particularly used in aviation .
Iridium compounds are used as catalysts in the Cativa process for carbonylation of methanol to produce acetic acid .
Iridium forms a variety of complexes of fundamental interest in triplet harvesting .
NeXT 's first former campus in Palo Alto was subsequently occupied by SAP AG . Its second former campus in Redwood City was occupied by <unk> and <unk> Pharmaceuticals Inc .
In the aftermath , Mike and Kay celebrate with Cindy and Sandy , who survived their brush with the shark at the snapshot to portraits as the background and screen fades to black and the movie ends .
Louis Gossett , Jr. as Calvin Bouchard
John W. Wilson as 3D Shark
P. H. Moriarty as Jack Tate
Although most critics are in agreement that Jaws 2 is the best of the Jaws sequels , some are unsure if Jaws @-@ 3D is better than Jaws : The Revenge . One reviewer says of Jaws 3 @-@ D :
Leonard Maltin calls the film a " road @-@ company Irwin Allen type @-@ disaster film " and notes that its premise is similar to the 1955 sequel to The Creature from the Black Lagoon .
Eno 's girlfriend at the time , potter Carol McNicoll , supervised the design of the cover for the album and it features one of her teapots .
The album was included in Robert Dimery 's 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die .
All songs written and composed by Brian Eno , except where noted .
Riefenstahl survived a helicopter crash in Sudan in 2000 while trying to learn the fates of her Nuba friends during the Second Sudanese Civil War and was airlifted to a Munich hospital .
Film scholar Mark Cousins notes in his book The Story of Film that , " Next to Orson Welles and Alfred Hitchcock , Leni Riefenstahl was the most technically talented Western film maker of her era " .
Reviewer Gary Morris called Riefenstahl , " An artist of unparalleled gifts , a woman in an industry dominated by men , one of the great <unk> of the cinema on a par with Eisenstein or Welles " .
Pauline Kael , also a film reviewer employed for The New Yorker , called Triumph des Willens and Olympia , " the two greatest films ever directed by a woman " .
Riefenstahl 's filming merits are discussed between characters in the 2009 Quentin Tarantino film Inglourious Basterds .
Riefenstahl , Leni ( 1995 ) . Leni Riefenstahl : a memoir . New York : Picador USA . ISBN <unk> .
The cyst forms of a particular group of ciliates , the <unk> have been suggested to be affiliated to Chitinozoans .
It is not immediately clear what mode of life was occupied by these improbably shaped fossils , and an answer only becomes apparent after following several lines of reasoning .
On 11 June , ISIL captured Tikrit . The following day , they killed over a thousand Iraqi Air Force cadets at Camp Speicher , 8 miles northwest of Tikrit .
During this time , troops retreated from the university complex .
The IPC defines this para @-@ Alpine classification as " Both arms amputated above the elbow , Short stumps , no elbow joints or forearms " .
The IPC defines this para @-@ Alpine classification as " One arm amputated above the elbow , the other below the elbow " .
The IPC defines this para @-@ Alpine classification as " Both arms amputated or dysfunctional below the elbow , Both hands unable to hold or use ski poles " .
In the Biathlon , all Paralympic athletes shoot from a prone position . Athletes with amputations can use a rifle support while shooting .
Credits adapted from the liner notes of Mastermind .
The entire route is in Erie County .
His friend and colleague Jō Kondō said , " If his later works sound different from earlier pieces , it is due to his gradual refining of his basic style rather than any real alteration of it . "
Takemitsu frequently expressed his indebtedness to Claude Debussy , referring to the French composer as his " great mentor " . As Arnold Whittall puts it :
The Toru Takemitsu Composition Award , intended to " encourage a younger generation of composers who will shape the coming age through their new musical works " , is named after him .
It applies to those members who have actually taken their seats , not to those who were elected but not yet sworn in .
According to McLean v. United States , " Emoluments " means not only salary , but also includes other benefits such as forage and rations .
Both the Sinclair Scientific and the Sinclair Scientific Programmable were manufactured in England , like all other Sinclair calculators except the Sinclair President .
Ken <unk> , an employee of Google , reverse engineered a Sinclair Scientific and built a simulator using the original algorithms .
The group is placed on a pattern of scales , painted black . This is the way mountain ranges were commonly symbolized in Mesopotamian art .
No other examples of owls in an iconographic context exist in Mesopotamian art , nor are there textual references that directly associate owls with a particular god or goddess .
Today , the identification of the Burney Relief with Lilith is questioned , and the figure is now generally identified as the goddess of love and war .
The rod @-@ and @-@ ring symbol , her necklace and her wig are all attributes that are explicitly referred to in the myth of Inanna 's descent into the nether world .
In 2008 / 9 the relief was included in exhibitions on Babylon at the Pergamon Museum in Berlin , the Louvre in Paris , and the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York .
Advances to a further round .
Disqualified from tournament .
The entire route is in Jefferson County .
The entire highway is in Iron County .
The club 's FA Cup winning team of 1883 comprised eleven players born in England , the first time an all @-@ English XI had won the competition . The team lined up as follows :
The only competition the club entered but never won , other than the unfinished Combination , was the Lancashire Senior Cup .
Credits adapted from the liner notes of Daniel Powter .
Chapters 1 – 16 * The deceased enters the tomb , descends to the underworld , and the body regains its powers of movement and speech .
Chapters 17 – 63 Explanation of the mythic origin of the gods and places , the deceased are made to live again so that they may arise , reborn , with the morning sun .
Chapters 64 – 129 The deceased travels across the sky in the sun ark as one of the blessed dead . In the evening , the deceased travels to the underworld to appear before Osiris .
The spells in the Book of the Dead depict Egyptian beliefs about the nature of death and the afterlife . The Book of the Dead is a vital source of information about Egyptian beliefs in this area .
c . 3150 BCE - First preserved hieroglyphs , on small labels in the tomb of a king buried ( in tomb U @-@ j ) at Abydos
c . 3000 BCE - The beginning of the numbered dynasties of kings of ancient Egypt
c . 2100 BCE - First Coffin Texts , developed from the Pyramid Texts and for a time painted on the coffins of commoners . Many spells of the Book of the Dead are closely derived from them
c . 1600 BCE - Earliest spells of the Book of the Dead , on the coffin of Queen <unk> , a descendent of kings from the New Kingdom
c . 1550 BCE - From this time onward to the beginning of the New kingdom , papyrus copies of the Book of the Dead are used instead of inscribing spells on the walls of the tombs
c . 600 BCE - Approximately when the order of the spells became standard
A member of the Warriors Three , a native of Vanaheim primarily identified by his grim demeanor .
Both portals are on Network Rail land with no public access .
The mechanical concept of the epicyclic gears used to keep each book level as it rotates was later used for the Falkirk Wheel boat lift , although its designer claims to have found it independently .
and Jill came tumbling after .
as fast as he could caper .
with vinegar and brown paper .
The village of Bilsby in Lincolnshire , England ( from which the English surname Billing derives ) has been proposed as having been named after Bil .
Tracks from the album were featured in the Saw V soundtrack and Jackass video game . The band supported the album with the Mythrus Tour later the same year it was released .
Tracks from Allmusic .
All music composed by Ogre / Key / Walk .
All credits from Allmusic .
Art direction , design – Steven R. Gilmore
For European Parliament elections , South Dorset , the rest of South West England , and Gibraltar form the South West England constituency .
The novelist Gerald Basil Edwards spent the last years of his life in Weymouth . In nearby Upwey he met the art student Edward Chaney , who encouraged him to complete The Book of Ebenezer Le Page .
Weymouth Cricket Club is sponsored by local business and runs in partnership with nearby schools .
Georgine <unk> , The Life of Mary Baker G. Eddy and the History of Christian Science , Doubleday 1909 ; also at <unk>
Georgine Milmine , The Life of Mary Baker G. Eddy and the History of Christian Science , Baker Book House , 1971 ( introduction by Stewart Hudson ) .
Administratively , US 195 does not exist in Idaho . According to ITD 's <unk> log , both carriageways are officially US 95 ramps into Washington state .
As of June 2016 , the chairman position is held by Air <unk> Muhammad <unk> Bari ; A. M. <unk> Ahmed is the managing director ( MD ) and chief executive officer ( CEO ) .
Biman 's subsidiaries are associated with aircraft ground handling , aviation engineering , aviation training and flight catering . There are five wholly owned subsidiaries , including :
In 2013 , Biman signed agreements with SITA and Mercator to provide infrastructure support and revenue accounting services to the airline .
In 2014 , Biman launched amenity kit for children on @-@ board which include coloring books , stationery , dolls and jigsaw puzzle .
In 2013 , Biman signed an agreement with German e @-@ ticketing company Hahn Air , enabling Biman 's tickets to be purchased from anywhere around the world .
Downloadable packs containing extra levels for this game are available on the PlayStation Network and the Xbox Live Arcade .
Aves can mean the last common ancestor of all the currently living birds and all of its descendants ( a " crown group " ) . ( alternately Neornithes )
Compared with other vertebrates , birds have a body plan that shows many unusual adaptations , mostly to facilitate flight .
Birds communicate using primarily visual and auditory signals . Signals can be interspecific ( between species ) and intraspecific ( within species ) .
Homosexual behaviour has been observed in males or females in numerous species of birds , including copulation , pair @-@ bonding , and joint parenting of chicks .
The diversity of characteristics of birds is great , sometimes even in closely related species . Several avian characteristics are compared in the table below .
A wide variety of avian ecology field methods , including counts , nest monitoring , and capturing and marking , are used for researching avian ecology .
Kepler @-@ 10b is tidally locked to its parent star and has extreme variations in temperature between day and night sides . It also reflects about half of the starlight it receives .
Some so @-@ called <unk> have been proposed , predominantly by Fernández @-@ Casas , to accommodate natural ( ' ancient ' ) hybrids ( <unk> ) .
subgenus Hermione ( Haw . ) Spach .
subgenus Narcissus L.
Apodanthi A. Fernandes ( 6 species )
Ganymedes ( Haworth ) <unk> f . ( monotypic )
Narcissus L. ( 2 species )
Keyes also hosted a radio talk show , The Alan Keyes Show : America 's Wake @-@ Up Call , and a television commentary show on the MSNBC cable network , Alan Keyes Is Making Sense .
Keyes finished with 27 % of the vote despite winning a small number of southern Illinois counties .
After the early states , Keyes exclusively campaigned in Texas , where he finished with 0 @.@ 60 percent of all votes cast .
In December 2009 , Keyes authored a column for the World Net Daily critical of evolution and in support of Intelligent Design .
In total , the race included eighteen categorized climbs .
In 2009 , Ødegaard joined the youth division of Strømsgodset . He trained and played with older boys .
Fantastic Light , a bay horse with an irregular white blaze and three white feet , was bred in Kentucky by Maktoum Al Maktoum 's Gainsborough Stud .
On his final start of the season , Fantastic Light was moved up to the highest level for the Prix de l 'Arc de Triomphe and finished a remote eleventh of the thirteen runners behind <unk> .
Like a previous Godolphin champion , <unk> , Fantastic Light proved himself to be better than ever as a five @-@ year @-@ old ( see Assessment below ) .
A projected run in the Japan Cup did not materialise and his retirement was announced shortly afterwards . He had already amassed sufficient points to secure a second Emirates World Series .
In 2001 he was named European Champion Older Horse and European Horse of the Year at the Cartier Racing Awards .
In February 2002 Fantastic Light was voted the Eclipse Award for American Champion Male Turf Horse in the Eclipse Awards , beating Val Royal and With Anticipation in the voting .
He has sired the winners of more than three hundred races including <unk> , winner of the Winter Derby , the Gran <unk> and the Grand Prix de Chantilly ( Group 2 ) .
The city is home to a diocese of the Eastern Orthodox Church , part of the Orthodox Autocephalous Church of Albania .
Gjirokastër is served by the <unk> Highway , which connects it to Tepelenë in the north and the <unk> region and Greek border 30 km ( 19 mi ) to the south .
Particulars of her first journey remain shrouded in secrecy . She crossed into Pennsylvania with a feeling of relief and awe , and recalled the experience years later :
When she died , Tubman was buried with semi @-@ military honors at Fort Hill Cemetery in Auburn .
In 2014 the asteroid ( <unk> ) Tubman was named after Harriet Tubman .
The Harriet Tubman House in Boston 's South End is a site on the Boston Women 's Heritage Trail .
Cauchy pointed out that in some circumstances the order of integration in this result was significant .
holds . As a result , the latter notation is a convenient abuse of notation , and not a standard ( Riemann or Lebesgue ) integral .
All higher moments of δ are zero . In particular , characteristic function and moment generating function are both equal to one .
for every test function φ .
The notion of a Dirac measure makes sense on any set . Thus if X is a set , x0 ∈ X is a marked point , and Σ is any sigma algebra of subsets of X , then the measure defined on sets A ∈ Σ by
is the delta measure or unit mass concentrated at x0 .
for all compactly supported smooth real @-@ valued functions φ on M. A common special case of this construction is when M is an open set in the Euclidean space Rn .
which is homogeneous of degree − 1 .
for some constant c .
This is sometimes referred to as the sifting property or the sampling property . The delta function is said to " sift out " the value at t = T.
where the sum extends over all roots of g ( x ) , which are assumed to be simple . Thus , for example
so that δ is a homogeneous distribution of degree − n . Under any reflection or rotation ρ , the delta function is invariant :
for all compactly supported functions f .
where n is the outward normal . For a proof , see e.g. the article on the surface delta function .
The delta function is a tempered distribution , and therefore it has a well @-@ defined Fourier transform . Formally , one finds
for all Schwartz functions φ . And indeed it follows from this that <formula>
The inverse Fourier transform of the tempered distribution f ( ξ ) = 1 is the delta function . Formally , this is expressed
for all Schwartz functions f .
In these terms , the delta function provides a suggestive statement of the orthogonality property of the Fourier kernel on R. Formally , one has
which again follows by imposing self @-@ adjointness of the Fourier transform .
In particular , δ is an infinitely differentiable distribution .
which follows from the properties of the distributional derivative of a convolution .
That is , the αth derivative of <unk> is the distribution whose value on any test function φ is the αth derivative of φ at a ( with the appropriate positive or negative sign ) .
where ηε ( x ) is sometimes called a nascent delta function . This limit is meant in a weak sense : either that
Typically a nascent delta function ηε can be constructed in the following manner . Let η be an absolutely integrable function on R of total integral 1 , and define
η1 is itself smooth and compactly supported then the sequence is called a mollifier . The standard mollifier is obtained by choosing η to be a suitably normalized bump function , for instance
which are all continuous and compactly supported , although not smooth and so not a mollifier .
This is continuous and compactly supported , but not a mollifier because it is not smooth .
Nascent delta functions often arise as convolution semigroups . This amounts to the further constraint that the convolution of ηε with <unk> must satisfy
in which the limit is as usual understood in the weak sense . Setting ηε ( x )
Some examples of physically important convolution semigroups arising from such a fundamental solution include the following .
and has the same physical interpretation , mutatis mutandis . It also represents a nascent delta function in the sense that ηε → δ in the distribution sense as ε → 0 .
The solution u represents the displacement from equilibrium of an infinite elastic string , with an initial disturbance at the origin .
A fundamental result of elementary Fourier series states that the Dirichlet kernel tends to the a multiple of the delta function as N → ∞ . This is interpreted in the distribution sense , that
for every compactly supported smooth function f . Thus , formally one has
on the interval [ − π , π ] .
for every compactly supported continuous function f . The implication is that the Fourier series of any continuous function is Cesàro summable to the value of the function at every point .
for all holomorphic functions f in D that are continuous on the closure of D. As a result , the delta function δz is represented on this class of holomorphic functions by the Cauchy integral :
a form of the bra – ket notation of Dirac . Adopting this notation , the expansion of f takes the dyadic form :
is called a resolution of the identity . When the Hilbert space is the space L2 ( D ) of square @-@ integrable functions on a domain D , the quantity :
The right @-@ hand side converges to f in the L2 sense . It need not hold in a pointwise sense , even when f is a continuous function . Nevertheless , it is common to abuse notation and write
which is a sequence of point masses at each of the integers .
is precisely the Poisson summation formula .
for all integers i , j . This function then satisfies the following analog of the sifting property : if <formula> is any doubly infinite sequence , then
This exhibits the Kronecker delta function as a discrete analog of the Dirac delta function .
The delta function is also used in a completely different way to represent the local time of a diffusion process ( like Brownian motion ) . The local time of a stochastic process B ( t ) is given by
and represents the amount of time that the process spends at the point x in the range of the process . More precisely , in one dimension this integral can be written
where 1 [ x − ε , x + ε ] is the indicator function of the interval [ x − ε , x + ε ] .
The eigenfunctions of position are denoted by <formula> in Dirac notation , and are known as position eigenstates .
That is , <unk> are the eigenvectors of P. If the eigenvectors are normalized so that
The delta function also has many more specialized applications in quantum mechanics , such as the delta potential models for a single and double potential well .
where m is the mass , ξ the deflection and k the spring constant .
where EI is the bending stiffness of the beam , w the deflection , x the spatial coordinate and q ( x ) the load distribution . If a beam is loaded by a point force F at x =
Also a point moment acting on a beam can be described by delta functions . Consider two opposing point forces F at a distance d apart . They then produce a moment M
Point moments can thus be represented by the derivative of the delta function . Integration of the beam equation again results in piecewise polynomial deflection .
Laurence Fox as Mr. Wisley
In 1807 Napoleon created the Duchy of Warsaw and granted it a constitution . Like with all Napoleonic legislatures , it was inferior in political power to executive by design .
The senate was composed of bishops , voivodes and castellans ; all nominated by the king . They numbered six each , in 1810 increased to ten each .
Those enfranchised to vote included landowners , owners of large businesses , clergy , artists , scientists , and the military . Notably , peasants could vote as well , provided they owned the land .
The Sejm session lasted fifteen days , and was convened every two years .
Notable politicians of the Sejm of the Duchy of Warsaw included : Józef Godlewski , Tomasz A. Ostrowski , Stanisław Sołtyk , Stanisław Staszic , Wawrzyniec Surowiecki and Józef Wybicki .
The king had the right to dissolve the chamber of deputies , or replace senators with new nominees .
The final episode received a largely positive response , with reviewers praising it for its sentimental , bittersweet way of concluding the show .
Since both Erromintxela and Caló derive from Romani , many Erromintxela words are similar to Spanish Caló and Catalan Caló .
Baudrimont claims that subdivisions of the year ( apart from the months ) are formed with the word breja ( <unk> ) " year " : breja <unk> " month " and breja <unk> " week " .
His material contains a relatively high number of Basque @-@ derived items .
On the whole , it raises questions about the level of communication between Baudrimont and his informants and the quality of ( some of the ) material elicited .
All songs written by Jeff Tweedy except where noted .
Seven Einsatzgruppen of battalion strength operated in Poland . Each was subdivided into four Einsatzkommandos of company strength .
Einsatzgruppe III , SS @-@ Obersturmbannführer und <unk> Dr. Herbert Fischer , acted with 8th Army
In 1933 , Lieutenant James Rockwell , a native of San Juan , Puerto Rico , became the third Marine of Hispanic ( Puerto Rican ) descent to graduate from the USNA .
The following nineteen Marines of Hispanic descent in the table were awarded the Navy Cross for their actions in Vietnam .
Joseph V. Medina attended the United States Naval Academy and was commissioned a Second Lieutenant upon his graduation in 1976 .
In the military campaigns of Afghanistan and Iraq , in what the United States and its allies refer to as the War on Terrorism . Sergeant Rafael Peralta is among those who have perished .
Hispanics comprise 18 percent of enlisted Marines today up from 15 percent when the Iraq war began .
Brigadier General Joseph V. Medina has been quoted as saying :
James <unk> Jr. wrote in his 2008 book about Chincoteague Island ,
A memorial to Lollard martyr Thomas Harding stands in the churchyard near the south chancel , erected in 1907 by the Protestant Alliance . The base of the cross is inscribed :
Harding was executed at nearby White Hill and is believed to have been held in St. Mary 's parvise prior to his execution . Foxe 's Book of Martyrs describes the execution thus :
In total the volcano has erupted at least 22 times in the last 230 years .
Katherine <unk> of <unk> .
Anne Leech and Anne Wright , origin unknown .
Jinnah Award ( Posthumous , 2004 ) for services to people as founder of the Orangi Pilot Project .
Nishan @-@ e @-@ Imtiaz ( Posthumous , 2001 ) for services to the community .
Sitara @-@ e @-@ Pakistan ( 1961 ) for pioneering work in rural development .
Credits are taken from the album 's liner notes .
The <unk> includes the two orders Metzgeriales ( simple <unk> ) and <unk> ( leafy liverworts ) .
A third class , the <unk> is newly recognized as a basal sister group to the other liverworts ; it comprises the genera <unk> , <unk> , and <unk> .
An updated classification by Söderström et al . 2016
The credits for " Pimpin ' " are adapted from the liner notes of Thoughts of a Predicate Felon .
Recorded at Encore Studios , California .
Stanisław II August ( Poniatowski ) , the last King of Poland and Grand @-@ Duke of Lithuania , who was crowned in 1764 .
The second series did feature two episodes recorded in Scotland . One in Dumfries , on the Scottish border , and other in Kirkwall , Orkney .
Miranda Sawyer in The Observer also praised the show saying it was , " A simple idea , kindly and wittily executed by another unfashionably humane Englishman . Thank Gaia they still exist . "
The first series of Mark Steel 's in Town was released for download on 1 March 2010 . The series has yet to be released on CD .
Weekly observance of the Lord 's Supper on <unk> British congregations , the term " breaking of bread " is commonly used .
In American congregations the terms " Communion " , and particularly " Eucharist " , are rarely used .
Practice of a cappella singing , and the rejection of instrumental music , in worship .
If it 's not in the Bible , then these folks aren 't going to do it .
Historically , three hermeneutic approaches have been used among Churches of Christ .
One must live faithfully as a Christian ( 1 Peter 2 : 9 ) .
Matt . 26 : 30 : " And when they had sung a hymn , they went out to the Mount of Olives . "
Rom . 15 : 9 : " Therefore I will praise thee among the Gentiles , and sing to thy name " ;
Eph . 5 : 18 @,@ 19 : " ... be filled with the Spirit , addressing one another in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs , singing and making melody to the Lord with all your heart , "
Heb . 2 : 12 : " I will declare thy name unto my brethren , in the midst of the church will I sing praise unto thee . "
There are congregations that permit hand @-@ clapping and a few that use musical instruments in worship . Some of the latter describe themselves as a " Church of Christ ( Instrumental ) " .
Churches of Christ avoid the term " theology " , preferring instead the term " doctrine " : theology is what humans say about the Bible ; doctrine is simply what the Bible says .
At the end of the episode , Liz is seen watching and being intrigued by some of the " porn for women " content , which somehow features her fantasy boyfriend Astronaut Mike Dexter .
The entire road is in Delta County .
Tusi recognized three types of living things : plants , animals , and humans . He wrote :
The gene @-@ centric view has also led to an increased interest in Charles Darwin 's old idea of sexual selection , and more recently in topics such as sexual conflict and <unk> conflict .
In 1910 , Shackleton made a series of three recordings describing the expedition using an Edison Phonograph .
While Shackleton led the expedition , the Endurance was captained by Cpt . F. Worsley DSO . The Aurora was captained by Lt. J. Stenhouse DSC .
