The governor would take possession of the arsenal on behalf of the United States.
Soldiers would be allowed to pass safely in any direction carrying personal and public goods in addition to war ammunition.
Soldiers would be allowed to walk like men who went under orders, not like the conquered and handed over soldiers.
Custody, office, and police functions.
The arsenal was seized once again by Joseph Brooks during the Baxter War of 1874.
Children of the Allies; J. Salmon, 1916
The characters of Shakespeare's boy; C. W. Faulkner, 1917
Shakespeare 's Girl Characters ; C. W. Faulkner , 1920
Elves and Fairies; S. Harvey, 1918
Thoughts of the child in the image and verse (by M. K. Westcott ) ; Blackie , 1925
Live words; Macmillan, 1961.
Garden of St. Cecily 's ; 1920
Design of the cradle roll; St. Edmund 's, Pitlake, 1922
Banner design; St. Mary's, 1923
The parable of the great Supper; triptych, chapel of Saint-Georges, Waddon
The Seven Sacraments; Baptismal Police Signs, St. Andrew's, Croydon
Saint John the Baptist; central banner sign, , 1943
Lettering , sword and shield ; going up for a list of men and women serving in the Forces , St. Andrews , Croydon , 1943
I am among you like that; window design window window, St. Edmund 's , Pitlake , 1962
The green background indicates the victory ( 2 points ) .
The red background indicates a loss of regulation ( 0 point ) .
The silver background indicates the overtime / loss of shooting ( 1 point ) .
Before marrying his wife Valerie, John dated Carolyn Bessette the future wife of John F. Kennedy, Jr. Both met while attending the University in Boston.
Cullen is the name of the John Cullen Prize, previously awarded to key players of the IHL.
For the iron plate present at the Battle of Lissa of the same name, see SMS Erzherzog Ferdinand Max ( 1865 ) .
Substrate stability with higher stability leading to greater reversibility by favouring the starting material on betaine.
The stability of the ylide with higher stability leads in the same way to greater reversibility.
The vast majority of the reagents are carbony (R1 or R2 in hydrogen form). Reagents are much rarer but have been described:
If the carbon of the ylide is substituted by a group of alkyls, the reagent is called unylide. The size of the alkyl groups are the main selectivity factors with these reagents.
Several cycloadditions in which yure is used as a " nucleophilic carbenoid equivalent " have been reported.
The use of the living substance as a catalyst and methanide as a monomer for the synthesis of various complex polymers has been reported.
At about the same time, the agrarian unrest in the state of Morelos turned into a completely blown rebellion under the leadership of the Zapata brothers, Emiliano and.
An amnesty for all revolutionaries must be declared , with the possibility for some of them to apply for membership in the countryside .
Madero and his supporters had the right to appoint fourteen interim state governors and to approve the Barra cabinet.
Pensions were to be established for family members of soldiers who had died fighting the rebels.
Police officers and judges, as well as State legislators, who had been appointed or " elected " under Díaz, had to retain their functions.
The treaty was signed on 21 May . Díaz resigned accordingly on 25 May . Francisco de la Barra became the interim president . Madero entered Mexico on 7 June .
After college, she worked as a receptionist during the day at the YMCA in Evanston and took classes in Second City at night.
She received her SAG card after appearing in Artie Lange 's Beer League released in 2006, in which she was forced to join for "...a thousand dollars".
In 1997, Fey and other members of The Second City provided voices for the Medieval Madness pinball game.
Fey appeared as Tinker Bell in Disney ' s " Year of a Million Dreams " campaign, and she also advertised for American Express and Garnier.
On April 5, 2011, Fey's autobiography, Bossypants, was published in a positive New York Times magazine.
In September 2011, Fey was ranked first on the Forbes magazine's list of paid @-@ television actresses.
The star has an apparent magnitude of 12 @.@ 9 . It cannot be seen from the Earth to the naked eye .
Townsend retired from the tour to spend time with his family. From his home, Townsend finished his second ambient solo album, The Hummer, which was released exclusively on his website in November 2006.
In April 2016 Devin was in the middle of the recording of the seventh album DTP, entitled Transcendance at Armoury Studios in Vancouver.
Townsend uses a variety of vocal techniques in his work, including screams, grunts or even fakes. His vocal range has been noted to be more than 5 octaves (C2 to F7 ) .
In the 1880 earthquake, the synagogue suffered minor damage and was repaired the following year.
Fitwatch ( formed at the beginning of 2007 ) conducts a campaign against the ITFs by actively obstructing their operations , and passively opposing their operations by photographing units ( a form of sub-veilance ) .
BBC Panorama's TV series produced an episode entitled "What happened to people's power?" in July 2009, which discussed the use of TIFs to target activists and journalists.
Jordan's private jet features a Caroline blue stripe, the "Air Jordan" logo on the tail, and references to his career in the identification number.
Italics indicate future output numbers.
In 1983, Neil Tennant met producer Bobby Orlando, while on mission to New York interviewer Sting for Smash Hits. After listening to some demos, Orlando offered to produce for the duo.
All the songs were produced by Greg Kurstin, with a vocal production on "Every Christmas" directed by Jason Halbert.
The tracks of the concert DVD were filmed from the Kelly Clarkson's Pretty Christmas Music Tale television special.
Credits raised on album notes .
A. K. Hangal as Rahim Chacha, the imam in the village
As a mark of respect, Dagenham & Redbridge postponed the game Exeter had to play against them on Victoria Road four days after his death. Exeter removed his number 9 shirt for nine seasons.
Stansfield continues to be recalled by Exeter fans. On August 9, 2014, as they started the new season against Portsmouth, a giant flag resembling his club shirt was exposed by the crowd.
He also accused Thaksin of spying on the army while he was Prime Minister.
In 2007, the album was re @-@ released in Germany . The re @-@ release included bonus content .
Credits adapted from Loose Liner Notes .
The league positions are provided by Statto , while the other information is individually referenced .
The rackets around the club names indicate that the player's contract with that club had expired before he joined York.
The rackets around the club names indicate that the player joined this club after the expiration of his York contract.
Numbers in parentheses indicate appearances as substitutes.
Players with hit and marked names left the club during the game season.
Players with italic and marked * names were loaned by another club throughout their season with York.
Players listed without appearances were in the matchday team but only as unused substitutes.
Antimonic compounds are often classified according to their oxidation state: Sb ( III ) and Sb ( V ) . The oxidation state + 5 is more stable .
Oxides are more common for antimony than arsenic and phosphorus. Antimony trioxide dissolves in concentrated acid to form compounds such as:
Compounds of this class are generally described as derivatives of Sb3 - Antimony forms antimony with metals, such as indium antimony (-) and silver antimony ( Ag
The Roman naturalist Pedanius Dioscorides mentioned that antimony sulphide could be roasted by heating by a current of air. It is thought that this produces metallic antimony.
With the advent of the challenges to phlogson theory, it has been recognized that antimony is an element forming sulphides, oxides, and other compounds, as is the case with other metals.
The ancient words for antimony have mainly, like their main meaning, kohl, antimony sulphide.
According to USGS statistics , the current global antimony reserves will be exhausted in 13 years . However , the USGS expects more resources to be found .
Low-grade @-@ ores are reduced in blast furnaces while high-quality @-@ ores are reduced in reverberatory furnaces.
Approximately 60% of antimony is consumed in flame retardants, and 20% is used in alloys for batteries, bearings and solderings.
Antimony is also used in the manufacture of bales and bales tracers. This element is also used in the handicrafts of paint and glass and as an opacifier in enamel.
Antimony is incompatible with strong acids, halogenated acids and oxidants; when exposed to newly formed hydrogen, it can form stibine (SbH3).
The TDI proposed by WHO is 6 μg antimony per kilogram body weight. The value of HLI (immediately life and health-threatening) for antimony is 50 mg/m3 .
Anderson was nominated for six Oscars during his career, while his films won fourteen other Oscars for casting and crew.
Henryson , Robert ( 2009 ) . Le Testament de Cresseid & seven fables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Nathan is currently the leader of Minnesota Twins in the saved career.
A descriptive biography entitled Art Ross: The Hockey Legend who builds the Bruins by Eric Zweig was published by Dundurn Press in September 2015.
In 1910, the Franciscans turned the management of the parish to the diocese of Omaha. In October of that year, Edward S. Muenich became the first diocesan pastor of Saint-Léonard.
The centenary of the church was celebrated in December 2013, at a bilingual mass led by Elden Curtiss, archbishop emeritus of the Archdiocese of Omaha.
Two marble steps rise from the nave to the chancellor. At the top of the steps is a hand @-@ communion rail in carved white wood, decorated with miniature columns onyx and surmounted by marble.
On the evangelical side of the choir is a large hand @-@ carved wood pulpit, decorated with carved figures of the four evangelists.
On the south wall is a tympanum, filled with a siding.
The city is remarkable for having the last known date of Long Count on any Maya monument, marking the end of the Maya Classic period in AD 909.
In 775 a text recorded the death of Lord Wak Chan K 'ak ' , a prince who seems to have been heir to the throne and who died before he could take power.
After the abandonment of the city at the end of the classical period, many sculptures fell into the steep embankment supporting the seven terraces.
Ballcourt 2 is the smallest of the two terrains and is located in the north of the square, at the foot of the Acropolis.
The Palais des Enfers entered by three steps @-@ arches vaulted on the east side of the second terrace of the Acropolis.
Monument 5 was recovered from a school in Ocosingo and moved to the museum of the site of Toniná . It is a severely eroded life @-@ size human statue with missing head.
Monument 8 dates from the reign of Reign 2 . It marks the period ending with 682 and shows the presentation of three prisoners of war .
Monument 99 is an undated fragment that depicts a captive female, which is rare in Mayan art.
Monument 113 represents Rule 2 participating in a dispersion ritual.
Finnish poet Eino Leino also wrote about the bird in his poem " Nocturne " .
A number of risk factors for the development of the AML have been identified , including: other blood disorders , chemical exposures , ionizing radiation , and genetics .
Eight FAB subtypes were proposed in 1976.
Morphological subtypes of LAM also include rare types not included in the FAB system, such as acute basophile leukemia, which was proposed as the ninth subtype, M8 , in 1999.
As treatment options for relapsed AML are so limited, palliative care or clinical trial registration may be offered.
For relapsed acute promyelocyte leukemia ( APL ) arsenic trioxide is approved by the US FDA. Like ATRA , arsenic trioxide does not work with other LAM subtypes.
Acute myeloid leukemia is a curable disease; the chances of recovery for a specific person depend on a number of prognostic factors.
The city has developed the form of the city's government city commission, known as the Galveston Plan, to help accelerate the recovery.
Galveston is home to the Galveston Symphony Orchestra , a group of amateur and professional musicians trained in 1979 under the direction of Richard W.
Many statues and sculptures are located around the city. Here are some well-known @-@ sculptures.
The dolphins of David W. Moore
George P. Mitchell, pioneer of hydraulic fracturing technology and developer of The Woodlands, Texas, was born and raised in Galveston.
Galveston is served by Amtrak 's Texas Eagle by bus connecting service in Longview, Texas.
Sheldon Cooper, one of the main characters of the television series The Big Bang Theory, grew up in Galveston.
Donald Barthelme's 1974 news "I bought a small town" speaks of a man without a name who invests his fortune in the purchase of Galveston, only to sell it afterwards.
The Drowning House, a novel by Elizabeth Black (2013), is an exploration of Galveston Island, Texas, and the intertwined history of two families residing there.
Stephenie Meyer mentioned Galveston Island in her third book of the Twilight series, Eclipse.
Galveston ( 2010 ) is the first novel by Nic Pizzolatto, the creator of the HBO True Detective series.
Finkelstein described himself as " an old communist @-@ fashioned " , in the sense that he " sees no value in States " .
Since time Immemorial had been rented by figures as varied as Barbara Tuchman, Theodore H. White, Elie Wiesel, and Lucy Dawidowicz. Saul Bellow, for one, wrote in a jacket endorsement that:
James O. Freedman , former president of Dartmouth College , University of Iowa , and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences , defended Dershowitz :
On behalf of Dershowitz, Harvard Law School dean Elena Kagan asked the former president of Harvard Derek Bok to investigate the claim of plagiarism; Bok exempted Dershowitz from prosecution.
In an April 3, 2007 interview with Harvard Crimson, "Dershowitz confirmed that he had sent a letter last September to DePaul's faculty members putting pressure on Finkelstein's mandate."
Finkelstein is a defender of a two-way solution @-@ State to the Israeli conflict @-@ Palestinian .
De Zayas , Alfred . Review of Beyond Cutzpah in Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung ( 3 February 2006 )
Merkley , Paul Charles . These Pigs on the Face of the Earth: Israel's most implacable critic (Beyond Chutzpah magazine , in Christianity Today ( January / February 2006 )
Marqusee , Mike . " Israel , fraud and chutzpah " (Beyond Chutzpah magazine ; January 2006 )
Bogdanor , Paul . The Finkelstein phenomenon ( Holocaust Industry Review ) , Judaism ( Fall 2002 )
Abse , Tobias . Follies of Finkelstein : The Dangers of Vulgar Anti @-@ Zionism ( Revue de l'industrie de l'Holocaust ) , . ; consulted on 1 November 2015
Bartov, Omer. " A Tale of Two " , New York Times Book Review, 6 August 2000
William Rubinstein et al. , Utilizations of the Holocaust , letters to London Book Review
The Washington Post publishes a retraction: Marc Fisher, Washington Post columnist, publishes a retraction of his accusation of " Holocaust revisionism", archive.org; consulted on November 1, 2015 .
VIDEO: Norman Finkelstein - Israel and Palestine: The Roots of the Conflict , Perspectives for Peace , Presentation in Seattle , Washington , May 8, 2008 .
VIDEO: Norman Finkelstein - The Next Break of American Zionism , Presentation in Olympia , Washington , May 8, 2008 .
According to the , this command "was" for Catholics "as one of the precepts of the Church. The organization quotes the papal encyclical Dies Domini:
Respect for the parents who also flow to the brothers and sisters.
Obedience to parents as long as the child lives at home " when it is for his or her own good or for the good of the family " , except when obedience would require the child to do something morally wrong.
Support that requires adult children to provide material and moral support to their aging parents, especially in times of " illness, loneliness or distress " .
Respect for their children as children of God and human beings.
An appropriate discipline for children while being careful not to provoke them.
The reasons for going to war are defensive.
It was only as a last resort that all other means of ending " serious damage " had been ineffective.
The ultimate goal is peace and there is a serious chance of success.
No more serious evil is produced that hides the evil to eliminate . This prohibits the use of weapons to eliminate cities and entire areas with their inhabitants .
Respect and care are required for non @-@ fighters, wounded soldiers and prisoners. Soldiers are required to disobey commands to commit genocide and those who violate universal principles.
Masturbation is considered sinful for the same reasons as lust, but is a step above lust in that it involves a physical act instead of a mind.
Pornography is higher because it is considered a perversion of the sexual act that is intended to be distributed to third parties for viewing.
Rape is an intrinsically bad act that can cause serious harm to the victim for life.
Incest, or " rape of children by parents or other adult parents " or " those responsible for the upbringing of children entrusted to them " is considered the most heinous of sexual sins.
In extreme situations , such as domestic violence , separation is allowed . This is not considered a divorce and can be justified .
Richer nations, like richer individuals, have a moral obligation to help the poorest nations and individuals, and to work for the reform of financial institutions and economic factors for the benefit of all.
False testimony and perjury: statements made publicly in court that obstruct justice by condemning innocent persons or exonerating the culprits, or that may increase the sentence of the accused.
Mass trial: believing, without sufficient evidence, that a person has committed moral misconduct.
Flattery: " Speech to deceive others to our advantage " .
Breaking, bragging, or mocking: speech that either honors or dishonors others.
Chastity, which allows people to love others with upright and undivided hearts.
Purity of intent, which seeks to accomplish God's will in all things, knowing that only it will lead to the true end of man.
Purity of vision, " external and internal " , discipline thoughts and imagination to reject those who are unclean.
Prayer that recognizes God's power to grant a person the ability to overcome sexual desires.
Modesty, feelings and the body are discreet in the choice of words and clothes.
Greed is the desire for too much of what you don't need.
Envy is the desire of what belongs to another. American bishops define him as "an attitude that fills us with sadness in view of another's prosperity".
The whole road is in Cache County.
In the Finnish form " Hämeenmaa " , the name of the type of ship was then carried on several vessels of the Finnish navy of the 20th century.
Hobbs later worked for the American Red Cross in Europe and the Oregon Journal. She died in Portland in 1964.
These events made Hobbs the most famous woman in Oregon at that time. Hobbs also made national and international news for these events.
Stephen is registered in the Oxford Dictionary of National Biography as a " suffragette and trade union activist " and has been described as " working @-@ class " .
All compositions of Ornette Coleman .
Credits are adapted from the album notes.
Edgar Wright, an English director, named his fourth favorite film of 2008 and described it as " best documentary of all time " .
A list of movies referenced in Not quite Hollywood, separated by the genre.
Giuseppe Pozzobonelli ( September 9, 1743 ) – Cardinal @-@ Priest of S. Maria sopra Minerva; Archbishop of Milan
Paul d'Albert de ( April 5, 1756 ) – Cardinal @-@ Priest of S. Tommaso in-; Archbishop of Sens
Antonio Maria ( October 2, 1758 ) – Cardinal @-@ Priest of S. Marco; Bishop of Padua
Domenico Orsini ( September 9, 1743 ) – Cardinal @-@ Deacon de S. Maria ad. ; Cardinal @-@ protector of the Kingdom of Naples
Twenty nine voters were created by Clement XIII, while fifteen by Pope Benedict XIV. Alessandro Albani received the red hat of Innocent XIII, and Neri Maria Corsini of Clement XII.
Giacomo Oddi ( September 9, 1743 ) – Cardinal @-@ Priest of S. Lorenzo in Lucina, of the Sacred College of Cardinals; Archbishop of Viterbo e Tuscanylla
Etienne @-@ René Potier de ( 5 April 1756 ) – Cardinal @-@ Priest of S.
Franz Konrad Casimir von. ( 5 April 1756 ) – Cardinal @-@ Priest of S. Maria del Popolo; Bishop of Constance
Cardinal Orsini, the official representative of the Neapolitan court, and all foreigners, were not classified because it was certain that none of them would ever be elected pope.
The French government was more tedious than Spanish and Neapolitan. Only three cardinals were considered good candidates: Conti,- and Ganganelli.
Microsoft Word does not treat sentences differently by default, but grammar check can be set to prefer a specific number of spaces between sentences.
Berliner's thesis, like Adams, has been severely criticized.
Tal himself lost a famous game like White from a symmetrical position at Tal, USSR Championship 1974.
From an early age, Queens showed an interest in science, and liked to create and build things. He later recalled that:
John Worthing, J.P. — George Alexander
Reverend Canon Chasuble, D.D. — H.H. Vincent
Route — F. Kinsey
The Honourable Gwendolen Fairfax — Irene Vanbrugh
Ms Prism — Mrs George
The room is placed in " The Present " (i.e. 1895).
In 1963, Erik Chisholm composed an opera of the play, using Wilde 's text as the libretto.
A 1964 commercial television adaptation featured Ian Carmichael, Patrick Macnee, Susannah York, Fenella Fielding, Pamela Brown and Irene.
It was adapted for Australian television in 1957.
Adapted credits from the British Remix Press Liner Notes . Track numbers correspond to international presses ( no @-@ United States and Japan ) .
The wall of the city itself was built with ramped earth, a technique also detailed in Yingzao Fashion, vol. III, " Standards for Moat, Stronghold and Masonry Work " :
Rammed @-@ earth walls during this period have been narrowed: the thickness of the wall is larger at the base and decreases steadily with increasing height, as detailed in Li Jie 's book.
It remains to be seen if another featured Fastra, first available with Pascal @-@ based GPUs, will be built.
Breese was the only American naval ship to be appointed for Kidder Breese, who had been an American naval officer during the Mexican @-@ American war and later the civil war.
Usually this episode starts on the 30 Rock title sequence - there is no open cold as is normally the case.
The entire road was in Elbridge, Onondaga County.
The entire highway was in St. Ignace, Mackinac County.
Two Nene jet engines replaced the standard Shvetsov ASh radial motors @-@的.
The wing dihedron was reduced to 3° by 6°.
A new tricycle chassis has been installed, with the main units retracting in the engine pods.
Additional fuel tanks have been installed and tank design has been modified to reflect the transition from gasoline to kerosene.
The control system has been revised and lining tabs have been installed on the elevators.
The wing and tail have been strengthened.
Any person requesting such exemption from training and service of combatants ... instead of such induction , will be assigned to work of national importance under civil direction .
Contrary to more stringent methods, the army found that this softer approach resulted in about one in eight transfers to military service.
As a young surgeon, C. Everett Koop was part of the research team at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine.
Hepatitis research has determined whether a virus is responsible for the disease and is transmitted through human dirt, serum and drinking water.
Both the Republic of Ireland and the United Kingdom are members of the European Union and , therefore , the free movement of persons , goods , services and capital crosses the border .
In the framework of the Good Friday Agreement , the British and Irish governments agreed on the creation of all institutions and areas of cooperation @-@ island .
Dublin @-@ Belfast corridor - 3 @.@ 3 m
A comparison of regional GDP on the island of Ireland is given below .
The S & E region of the Republic of Ireland (composed of Munster , Dublin Counties , Wicklow , Meath , Kildare , Kilkenny , Carlow , Wexford ) .
The flora of algae and algae is that of the cold @-@ temperate variety. The total number of species is 574 and is distributed as follows:
The island has been invaded by a few algae, some of which are now well established.
Fragile codium ssp. fragile ( formerly known as ssp. tomentosum ) , now well established .
Fragile codium has been found to be indigenous, although for many years it has been considered an alien species.
People have lived in Ireland for more than 9 @,@000 years. The different eras are called mesolithic, neolithic, bronze age and iron age.
Since the 20th century, Irish pubs around the world have become , especially those with a full range of cultural and gastronomic offerings , outposts of Irish culture .
Many other sports are also played and followed, including basketball, boxing, cricket, fishing, jury racing, handball, hockey, horse racing, motorsport, obstacle jumping and tennis.
A hundred commandos were still on the ground when Newman realized that evacuation by sea was no longer an option. He gathered the survivors and issued three orders:
Don't surrender at all if we can help him.
On September 4, 2002, a tree and a seat at the National Memorial Arboretum were dedicated to the men of the raid. The seat bears the inscription:
The war film Attack on the Iron Coast was released in 1968 and was a highly fictional version of the raid.
In 2007, Jeremy Clarkson presented the story of the raid in a BBC documentary entitled The Greatest Raid of All Time.
A mission in the video game Ennemy Front re @-@ edicts the mission from the point of view of the first person of a British commando.
A mission in the video game Medal of Honour: European Assault also re @-@ edicts the mission from the point of view of the fictional soldier William Holt .
Social networking organizations such as Crisis Camp Haiti have been developed to help structure and coordinate relief efforts in Haiti and future catastrophic events.
President Abdoulaye Wade of Senegal offered interested Haitians free land in Senegal; depending on the number of responses to the offer, this could include up to an entire region.
The earthquake of Haiti 2010 was represented in the novel God Loves Haiti, by Dimitri Elias Léger.
United States: Xlibris . ISBN .
Darden was born in Sandusky, Ohio. He graduated from Sandusky High School.
Darden was ranked 47th on the list of Cleveland Browns' top 100 players.
The whole road is in New Castle County.
The good food guide ranked Hibiscus as the eighth @-@ best restaurant in the UK in its 2013 guide.
The restaurant received five AA Rosettes by the Automobile Association.
To get a bucket of water.
And Jill came to stumble after that.
With vinegar and brown paper.
With vinegar and brown paper.
To laugh at Jack's disaster.
For causing Jack's disaster.
The whole road is in Miami @-@ Dade County. All exits are unnumbered.
Since 2013 Nesbitt appears in the announcements for Thomas Cook .
He was named an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) during the 2016 New Year for Theatre and Community Services in Northern Ireland.
Honorary Doctorate in Letters for the Theatre Services of the University of Ulster , Magee Campus ( July 9, 2003 ) .
It was for his leadership and bravery during these actions that Andrew received the Victoria Cross (CV) at the age of 20. The quote read as follows:
Rebbie Jackson is a contralto with a range of 3 octaves. She has an impressive range of belts, girding up to F # 5 in her song "Reaction".
A production pair was tested by Israeli journalists in April 2009. It was nicknamed "probably, the best Jeep ever".
Or new Love pine to them beyond @-@ tomorrow . 30
Through and winding mossy ways. 40
The haunting murmur of flies on summer watches. 50
At your high requiem become a sorbet. 60
From perilous seas, in the Faery forlorn lands. 70
Like she's famous for making, cheating elf.
F. Scott Fitzgerald took the title of his novel Tender is the Night of the 35th Line of the Ode.
The poem is quoted in chapter 1 of P. G. Wodehouse's novel Full Moon ( 1947): "' Coming here? Freddie?' A numbness seemed to suffer its meaning, as if from the hemlock he had drunk."
Although the ongoing Browns investigation was raised during season 2, it is not discussed in depth and the status of the investigation is unknown.
You only live twice was a great success, receiving positive feedback and growing over $111 million in the global box office.
Blofeld activates the @-@ base destructuring system and escapes. Bond , Kissi , Tanaka , and the surviving ninjas leave before the base explodes.
Sean Connery as James Bond: An MI6 agent.
Akiko Wakabayashi as Aki: A Japanese SIS agent assisting Bond.
Mie Hama like Kissy Suzuki: A diving girl Ama who replaces Aki after her death.
Donald Svence under the name of Ernst Stavro Blofeld : The megalomanic leader of the terrorist union SPECTRE . He intends to trigger a world nuclear war .
Tetsurō Tamba as Tiger Tanaka: Head of Japanese Secret Service.
Teru Shimada as Mr. Osato: A Japanese industrialist secretly affiliated with SPECTRE.
Bernard Lee as M : The head of MI6 .
Charles Gray as Dikko Henderson: British contact living in Japan.
Burt Kwuk as Spectre 3: one of Blofeld's handmen.
Lois Maxwell as Miss Moneypenny: Secretary.
Desmond Llewelyn as Q: Head of Technical Department MI6.
Tsai Chin as Ling: Agent MI6 undercover in Hong Kong.
Ronald Rich like Hans: Blofeld's personal bodyguard.
David, like Assassin in the bedroom: one of Osato's handmen, who kills Aki.
Peter Maivia as a car driver: one of Osato's handmen, who fights Bond.
WASP @-@ 13b has an orbital inclination of , which means it orbits almost edge @-@ on as seen from the Earth.
Primary structure: amino acid sequence. A protein is a.
Quaternary structure: the structure formed by several protein molecules (polypeptide chains) , generally referred to as protein subunits in this context , which function as a single protein complex.
A special case of intramolecular hydrogen bonds in proteins, poorly protected from attack of water and thus promote their own dehydration, are called.
A wide range of calculation methods have been developed to analyze the structure, function and evolution of proteins.
The database compares proteins – chemical interactions , as well as gene/protein relationships – diseases and chemical relationships @-@ diseases .
Bioinformatics Harvester A Meta search engine ( 29 databases ) for information on genes and proteins.
Proteopedia – Life in 3D: Rotatable, zoomable 3D model with wiki annotations for each known molecular protein structure.
LiSA's discography includes three studio albums, an extended game, ten singles, and five video albums.
Aston Villa won European championship and national championship honours . The club's last major honour was in 1996 when they won the League Cup .
Note: Flags indicate the national team as defined by FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non @-@ FIFA nationality.
Note: Flags indicate the national team as defined by FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non @-@ FIFA nationality.
Note: Flags indicate the national team as defined by FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non @-@ FIFA nationality.
The following managers have all won at least one trophy in charge or have been notable for Villa in the context of the League, for example Jozef Vengloš who holds a League record.
Timmy , with two female gorillas , , , and Paki , left the Zoo Bronx for the Louisville Zoo in May 2004.
Pattycake Lulu's mother died in early 2011.
Everywhere Innis went his methods were the same: he questioned people related to the production of commodities and listened to their stories.
Although cadmium has no known biological function in higher organisms, a cadmium-dependent carbonic anhydrase @-@ was found in marine diatoms.
Structures of many cadmium complexes with nucleobases, amino acids and vitamins were determined.
Metal cadmium is found in the Vilyuy River basin in Siberia.
The British Geological Survey reports that in 2001 China was the largest producer of cadmium with nearly one sixth of world production , closely followed by South Korea and Japan .
Cadmium is a common component of electric batteries, pigments, coatings and galvanoplasty.
Selective Cadmium @-@ sensors based on Cadmium have been developed for imaging and detection of cadmium in cells.
The highest concentration of cadmium is absorbed in the kidneys of humans, and up to about 30 mg of cadmium is commonly inhaled throughout human childhood and adolescence.
Cadmium can be used to block calcium channels in chicken neurons. Analytical methods for the determination of cadmium in biological samples were examined.
The biogeochemistry of cadmium and its release to the environment have been examined , as has the speciation of cadmium in the environment .
Bio-inorganic aspects of cadmium toxicity were examined.
Zinc, Cu, Ca, and Fe ions, and selenium with vitamin C are used to treat Cd poisoning, although it is not easily reversed.
Due to the harmful effects of cadmium on the environment and human health , the supply and use of cadmium is limited in Europe under REACH .
Track listing and credits from the album libretto.
In an interview in 2012, Diamandis stated that the title of the album came from a slang term for the testicles, but she had been too coy to admit it before.
Credits adapted from the liner notes of family jewels .
Credits adapted from the liner notes of family jewels .
The following is adapted from album liner notes.
Kilmer's poetry was influenced by "his strong religious faith and dedication to the natural beauty of the world " .
However, Winchell observes that this "series of fanciful analogies ... could be presented in any order without damaging the overall structure of his poem".
In his 1997 book The Geography of the Imagination, American writer Guy Davenport suggests another inspiration for Kilmer's poem.
The specific name is derived from the Latin sex which means " six " and " spot " , i.e. the six spots usually found on the male ' s abdomen.
The species was first described by entomologist Nicholas Marcellus Hentz in 1845 in the Boston Journal of Natural History. Hentz named the species Attus sexpunctatus and described it as follows:
The abdomen is bronze to black with a white basal band and two white transverse bands. Cross-sectional bands are often broken to form six spots. Some or all of these spots may be missing, however.
Mud wasps, which capture and paralyze spiders as a food source for their larvae, have been shown to be prey to male and female Z. sexpunctatus spiders.
The Wolfpack got out of the clock and took a lead of 21 to 10 in half time.
Virginia Tech will join the Atlantic Coast Conference , of which the NC State was a member , in 2004 . ACC now sends a team to the latest @-@ renamed Chick @-@ Fil @-@ A Bowl every year .
This list includes known guards, but excludes Coast Guard assistants and non @-@ agents.
The entire highway was in Kent County.
The entire highway was located in Grand Rapids Township, Kent County.
The entire highway was in Kent County.
Andrew Stewart ( d . 1501)
Saint Mary is an active parish church in the Diocese of Chester, the Archdeacon of Macclesfield, and the Dianeer of Knutsford. Her benefactory is combined with that of Saint Catherine, Birtles.
The medieval cross church in the courtyard of the church, the Mausoleum Stanley, and the walls of the courtyard of the church, the door piers and doors, are classified Grade II.
identification of the global structure and dynamics of the magnetosphere of a giant planet.
While scientists need additional evidence to determine the extent of a rocky nucleus on Jupiter, its Galilean moons offer the possibility of future human exploration.
Sergeant-battery, Major Charles Moritz, who first joined the volunteer artillery and was the first recruit of the permanent artillery.
Today, the monarch exercises the prerogative almost exclusively in accordance with the advice of his government. Leyland notes that:
This list of ceratopic genera by classification and location follows a review by Thomas R. Holtz, Jr. in 2010.
Their study also found an equal consensus research cladogram, not as a neoceratopsian but a. Nothing else on the cladograms has changed.
Bone fractures related to @-@ activity were documented in ceratopsians.
The entire highway is in the Kenai Peninsula district.
Following the Game Boy's "success of the night", Super Mario Land sold more than 18 million copies - more than Super Mario Bros. 3 .
Sabu (-) is a member of the group -. He is in love with -32 Sabu is expressed by Norio Wakamoto .
Glu Mobile developed the mobile version of Guitar Hero 5 , released in the last quarter of 2009.
Two Guitar Hero products that were announced but never released were a Red Hot Chili Peppers @-@ theme title and a PlayStation Portable title that would have featured a battery component.
Activision, through John, owns all U.S. and international patents of companies dealing with music games. All patents granted by the USPTO are presumed valid.
All games are published by Activision, with the exception of the first Guitar Hero and the PS2 version of Guitar Hero II, which were published by RedOctane.
The fieldfare of the English common name dates back at least to the 11th century. The word Anglo @-@ Saxon, perhaps means traveler through the fields.
In the United Kingdom , at the extreme limit of the field breeding range , only a handful of pairs breed . It is therefore classified by the RSPB as a Red List species from January 2013 .
Statistics in Kettering Town not registered .
Illinois has been Sufjan Stevens' greatest commercial and critical success to date. For the first time, his work registered on Billboard 200 and has received several awards of criticism.
All songs written and composed by Sufjan Stevens and published by New Jerusalem Music, ASCAP.
Smith AH . ( 1947 ) . North American Species of Mycena . Ann Arbor , Michigan : University of Michigan Press .
Bennett also wrote a dystopic novel, Les Têtes de Cerberus (1919).
Critic Sam Moskowitz stated that she was " the greatest female science fiction writer at the time between Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley and C.L. Moore " .
Because Bennett was the first American woman to have her widely published fantasy and science fiction, she has been recognized in recent years as a pioneer author of female fantasy.
The following credits are from Allmusic .
In the narratives tracing Mohammed's ancestry back to Ma 'ad (and from there to Adam), Arab scholars alternate, some quoting the line as by Nebaioth, other Qedar.
Hampshire deducted 3 points for a @-@ slow rate in their match against Worcestershire.
Durham deducted 1 point for a slow @-@ rate in their match against Sussex.
Somerset deducted 1 point for a slow @-@ rate in their match against Durham.
The marked team ( C ) won the county championship.
The marked teams (R ) were relegated to the second division of the county championship.
Points , NRR = net execution rate .
The marked * teams progressed until the next stage of the competition.
The marked teams † were eliminated from the competition.
Points , NRR = net execution rate .
The marked * teams progressed until the next stage of the competition.
The marked teams † were eliminated from the competition.
Points , NRR = net execution rate .
The marked team ( C ) won the NatWest Pro40 .
Points , NRR = net execution rate .
Currently, the Cadets Chanteurs perform mainly in the state, with a sprinkling of national and international visits. The Cadets perform 70 @-@ 80 concerts per year.
Professor A. M. Soule
Professor T. P. Junkin
Professor J.J.
The following table lists the main junctions along Highway 36 , as noted by the Ontario Ministry of Transportation . In addition , it includes some minor junctions .
The whole road is in Coconino County.
Ferranti Technologies is an electronic, electromechanical and electrical engineering company based in Waterhead.
In the heart of Oldham's sales district, the old town hall is developing into a modern multiplex cinema.
Oldham's people are called, although """" is an 18th century nickname when rough felt was used in Oldham to make hats.
Edward Potts was a renowned architect who moved to Oldham from Bury. He was the architect for fourteen mills in the Oldham area.
Among the notable musicians of Oldham are Inspiral carpets and Mark Owen by boyband Take That.
The song was then included in the luxury edition of Clarkson's fifth studio album, Stronger, in 2011.
All songs written by Kurt Cobain .
After a conference with the chief counsel and the police , a decision was taken , in agreement with all the parties , that there was not enough evidence for a realistic prospect of conviction .
He reportedly told another detainee that " she deserved it " because her wife had discovered that she was unfaithful.
On December 6, 2007, it was reported that Clarion Solicitors, representing Gordon Park, stated that they would launch an appeal. In a public statement, they stated:
Note: Flags indicate the national team as defined by FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non @-@ FIFA nationality.
For a list of former Dover Athletic players with Wikipedia articles, see Category: Dover Athletic F.C. players.
The English plum cake variety also exists on the European continent, although the " plum cake" there refers more generally to cooked cakes made with fresh fruit, rather than dried fruit.
In Italy, plum cake is known as English, baked in an oven using dried fruits and often yogurt.
The Polish version of plum cake, which also uses fresh fruit, is known as Z.
In India, the plum cake was served during the Christmas season, and may have other ingredients such as rum or added cognac.
The whole road was in Newark, Essex County.
Meyerbeer's concern to integrate musical power into all the resources of contemporary theatre planned in a certain way the ideas of Wagner's Gesamtkunstwerk. Becker writes:
Mendelssohn disapproved of Meyerbeer's works for moral reasons, believing Robert the devil to be 'ignoble'.
Vernon played the role of Giacomo Meyerbeer in the 1983 film Wagner .
The entire highway is located in Benton County.
Augustine history claims that a cousin of the king named Maeonius killed him, while the Anonymous post Dionem names the killer as another Odaenathus.
Vaballathus: it is attested on several pieces, inscriptions, and in ancient literature.
Odaenathus is seen negatively in the rabbinic sources; his bag of Nehardea mortified the Jews, and he was cursed by the Babylonian Jews and the Jews of Palestine.
B. Section . Banksia ( 9 series , 50 species , 9 subspecies , 3 varieties )
B. Sec. Coccinea ( 1 species )
B. Ser. Spicigerae ( 7 species , 2 subspecies , 4 varieties )
B. ser . Tricuspidae ( 1 species )
B. ser . Dryandrideae ( 1 species )
B. sphaerocarpa ( 3 varieties )
B. leptophylla ( 2 varieties )
B. meisneri ( 2 subspecies )
B. Nutans ( 2 varieties )
B. Subg . Isostylis ( 3 species )
Among these, zoologists Colin Groves and Peter Grubb identify O. o. hastata , O. o. montana , O. o. werebi and O. o.ê as independent species in their 2011 publication Taxonomy .
Adapted credits from Rated's incrustation cover.
All the high reliefs of the cathedral gates were inspired by the work of Flemish painter Peter Paul Rubens.
This altar was damaged by fire in January 1967 but was completely restored.
This altar has been in the process of being restored since 2003.
The Herrera door opens in the sacristy, the oldest part of the cathedral. It is a mixture of Renaissance and Gothic styles.
A wardrobe on the west wall of the Sacristy, under the Virgin of the painting apocalypse, formerly held golden chalices and cups garnished with precious stones, as well as other utensils.
In 1957, the wooden floor and platform around the perimeter of the Sacristy were replaced by the stone.
The cathedral contains other crypts and niches where other religious figures are buried, including in chapels.
Credits raised on album liner notes for Until the whole world hears.
Zoo Studio recorded in Franklin, Tennessee.
Channels recorded at Ocean Way in Nashville, Tennessee.
After the season, DeGrom received a Wilson Defensive Player of the Year Award as the best statistically defensive player in his position in the Major Baseball League.
DeGrom is known for his long hair, which he started to grow up while in Stetson. His debut with the Mets led to the trend hashtag on Twitter of "#=" .
He started playing Ten O'Clock Scholar, a café a few blocks away from campus, and became involved in the Dinkytown folk music circuit.
Dylan's long-time road manager, Victor, stated that the singer had stopped drinking alcohol in 1994.
Since 1994, Dylan has published six books of paintings and drawings.
When he is not on tour, Dylan lives mainly in Point Dume, a promontory on the coast of Malibu, California, although he also owns properties worldwide.
S. cirrhifer is the host of the copepod parasite, which mainly infects the fins of female fish.
Mogadishu is home to a number of schools, and as part of the government's urban renewal programme, 100 schools in the capital are planned to be renovated and reopened.
The port of Mogadishu, also known as the international port of Mogadishu, is the official maritime port of Mogadishu. Ranked as a major class port, it is the largest port in the country.
Charmbracelet has been certified Gold in Brazil and Hong Kong by Associação Brasileira dos Producers de Discos (ABPD ) and IFPI Hong Kong respectively.
Credits for Charmbracelet from the album notes.
The recording locations are adapted from notes of Charmbracelet lining.
Measurements of the apparent diameter of Venus during transit, and comparison with its known diameter, will give scientists an idea of how to estimate exoplanet sizes.
Spectrographic data taken from the well @-@ known atmosphere of Venus will be compared to studies of exoplanets whose atmospheres are so far unknown.
Not all outputs are numbered.
A personal highlight for Federer came at the end of the season when he finally won his hometown tournament the Swiss Indoors in Basel, Switzerland.
Federer won two other events, the first at the Madrid Masters on Nadal on clay. The second was in Cincinnati on Novak Djokovic.
Federer played well at the Australian Open, beating Jo @-@ Wilfried Tsonga and Andy Murray to reach his 11th consecutive semifinal in Melbourne, before losing to Rafael Nadal in the straight series.
Federer and Nadal have played each other since 2004 , and their rivalry is an important part of the two men's career .
Hewitt and Federer teamed up in the doubles in Wimbledon in 1999 . They arrived in the third round before losing against Jonas Björkman and Pat Rafter .
These records were achieved in the open tennis era.
Folders in bold characters indicate achievements without peers.
Recordings in italics are currently active stries.
McCall admitted in his autobiography, The Real McCall, that he wanted to manage Bradford.
The scores and results first list Scotland's goal.
L. v. ( G. S. Miller )
C. L. ( Gray ) – Southern coast of California to Baja California Norte
L. c. californicus ( Gray ) – Oregon coast to the coast and central California valley
L. v. (E.R. Room )
L. v. deserticola ( Mearns ) – South of Idaho in Sonora
L. v. ( J. A. Allen ) – Arizona Centre in Sonora
L. v. ( Nelson )
L. v. magdalenae ( Nelson )
L. v. (J. M. Stowell)
L. v. melanotis ( Mearns ) – South Dakota to Iowa, Missouri and central Texas
C.L. ( Mearns ) – south @-@ centre and southeast of Texas to Tamaulipas
C. L. ( Bachman ) – Central California
L. v. (W. H. Burt)
L. c. texianus ( Waterhouse ) – southeast of Utah and southwest of Colorado to Zacatecas
( Merriam ) – East of Washington, northeast of California and northwest of Nevada
L. v. ( Thomas )
However, Lawrence's orders for a general advance on August 5 from 04: 00 included an advance from the Montée Anzac Division. His orders read:
In the light of the day on August 10 , strong patrols went forward and remained in contact with the force in Bir el Abd throughout the day , but without fresh troops , an attack in force could not be made .
Chauvel responded by stressing that the critics of the battle were in danger of obscuring the meaning of victory.
David Zinc, Finley & Figg Associate lawyer - prototypic Grisham young hot blow Harvard graduate lawyer whose life is overturned.
Rochelle Gibson , Finley & Figg secretary - Former plaintiff against Finley & Figg who holds the company together.
Nadine Karros , the defendant's main litigator recruited by Varrick .
Harry Seawright, federal judge.
Jerry Alisandros, a mass operator of wrong that brings F & F into the fold of his business.
Rueben Massey, CEO Varrick.
Anderson Zinc , father of David ( Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Minnesota ) ( by Ch. 15 )
Caroline Zinc , David's mother ( teacher of art and photography ) ( by Ch . 15 )
As a group, Sclerodermatinae have a wide distribution, and some genera ( Pisolithus and Scleroderma) have been found on all continents except Antarctica.
The TV show the family watched near the beginning of the program is an episode of the 1974 ABC sitcom Happy Days.
Speed Racer Speed and Pops make an appearance at the start line Soap Box Derby and again when the Griffins are preparing to leave for Manhattan.
When Peter has to look for his spiritual guide, he turns out to be Fonzie of Happy Days.
The end of the episode includes a parody of the series of public service announcements The More You Know .
The rhyme is one of the best known and most popular in the English language. The most common modern text is:
Humpty appeared in Lewis Carroll 's Through the Looking @-@ Glass (1872), where he spoke of semantics and pragmatism with Alice.
Humpty Dumpty smiled scornfully. "Of course, you don't do it — until I tell you. I meant 'there's a good hit @-@ low argument for you!' "
It was suggested by A. J. Larner that Carroll 's Humpty Dumpty had prosopagnosia on the basis of his description of his faces found difficult to recognize.
A variation on the poem using near @-@ ring absurd French words is often used to illustrate the difficulty of recognizing speech in different languages. A common version is as follows:
For a listener expecting a nursery rhyme, it will generally be understood as the English version, while someone expecting French will tend to hear absurd words.
The players from England traditionally wear a white shirt with a Rose embroidered on the chest, a white shorts, and navy blue socks with a white trim.
The Twickenham field was replaced by a hybrid type ' Desso ' , in June 2012 , which uses artificial fibers intertwined with real grass . This makes its wearing much more difficult under wet conditions .
In 2015, England became the first host nation not to qualify for the knockout phase, leaving the pool phase after losses in Wales and Australia.
On May 30, Luther Burrell replaced Manufacture in the itinerant squad, after retiring from the squad due to injuries.
Four former representatives of England were inducted into the International Rugby Hall of Fame: Bill Beaumont, Martin Johnson, Jason Leonard and Wavell Wakefield.
The wreckage is designated a protected location under the Military Remnants Protection Act, 1986.
Republican Party officials quickly began to support Tufaro, who criticized the Democratic Party by stressing that the Democrats led Baltimore into its decline.
Fifteen candidates ended up running in the democratic primary. The front runners @-@ were considered O 'Malley, Bell, and Stokes. Schmoke did not make any approval in the race.
In the Republican primary on 14 September, Tufaro received more than half of the votes cast. Adair finished in second place.
Arikamedu is an archaeological site in southern India, , , , , Commune , Puducherry . It is 4 kilometers ( 2 @.@ 5 mi ) from the capital , Pondicherry of the Indian territory of Puducherry .
According to Wheeler, the discoveries of the north and south part of the mound belong to the late 1st century B.C. period in the 1st and 2nd centuries AD. The structures identified include:
Mixed at Scream Studios, Miami, FL.
Adapted credits from Good Girl Gone Bad's Liner Notes: Reloaded, Def Jam Recordings.
Buster Bros. ( PC Engine ) ( 1991 ) – original music by Tamayo Kawamoto
Super Smash Bros. Brawl ( 2008 ) – organized " Tetris : Type A " , " , " Desert " , and " King Dede 's Theme "
Little King's Story ( 2009 ) – organized the Boléro de Maurice Ravel.
The episode ends with Lisa finally able to solve the brain teaser that she was unable to finish earlier in the episode.
A 2002 study by the American Heart Association suggested staying @-@ at @-@ home fathers may face a higher risk of heart disease. The reasons for the health risk are not specified.
As of 4 November 2015 .
To prevent decomposition, the formed xenon tetroxide is rapidly cooled to form a pale yellow solid @-@. It explodes above - 35 @.@ 9 °C in xenon and oxygen gas.
Although xenon is rare and relatively expensive to extract from the Earth's atmosphere, it has a number of applications.
Xenon is a competitive serotonin receptor inhibitor 5 @-@-=. Although neither anaesthetic nor== this activity reduces anaesthesia @-@ nausea and vomiting.
In a ceremony a few days after Juan Perón's second inauguration, Evita received the official title of " Spiritual Leader of the Nation " .
In the book Eva Perón: The myths of a woman , cultural anthropologist Julie M. Taylor says that Evita has remained important in Argentina due to the combination of three unique factors:
Alfred Molina as Dr. Stephen Arden
Marg Helgenberger as Dr. Laura Baker
Note: Only the first five positions are included for both classification sets.
Agame texts such as the , the Uttara @-@--- and the Purva @-@ Karanagama prescribe the iconography of the icon of .
Although Kalyanasundara icons are found across India in caves, sculptures and temple walls, no sect is centered on their cult. The icon is a popular feature on temple gopurams ( temple towers).
At the Amman temple in Meenakshi, women adore Kalyanasundara sculpture to find husbands.
Simone's musical style has merged gospel and pop with classical music, in particular Johann Sebastian Bach, and accompanied expressive, jazz @-@ as singing in his contralto voice.
Simone married a New York policeman, Andrew Stroud, in 1961. He later became his director and father of his daughter Lisa, but he abused Simone psychologically and physically.
Two days before his death, Simone received an honorary degree from the Curtis Music Institute, the music school that had refused to admit him as a student at the beginning of his career.
Simone was inducted into the North Carolina Music Hall of Fame in 2009.
In 2010, a statue in his honour was erected at Trade Street in his native Tryon, North Carolina.
M.I.A. (16 November – 1 December)
All the texts written by Edoardo Sanguineti, all the music composed by Luciano Berio.
The whole road is in Washington County.
Frank H. Crane as an actor (adult male lead)
The entire highway was on the Emmet line – Cheboygan County.
He and his wife Peggy lived in Sarasota, Florida. They raised three children together: Patti, Pam, and Jim. Wilhelm died of heart failure in a Sarasota nursing home in 2002.
The jury rendered a unanimous verdict of guilt after three hours of deliberations.
Abu @-@ Jamal was then sentenced to death by the unanimous decision of the jury.
with respect to post-1995 conviction review hearings – 6 , if the presiding judge , who had also presided over the trial , showed unacceptable bias in his conduct .
Abu @-@ Jamal was made an honorary citizen of about 25 cities around the world, including Montreal, Palermo, and Paris.
In 2009, the host of the radio station Rush Limbaugh spoke of Abu @-@ Jamal ' s guilt as a " notorious Philadelphia murderer " .
After two seasons on various inactive NFL lists, he became an accused in a drug possession case. It is planned to face his charges in court in January 2012.
The last release was included in Clark Humphrey 2006 historical photo book, Vanishing Seattle.
The competitors' lips synchronized with "Frekum Dress" in the fifth episode of the first season of RuPaul 's Drag Race.
Jazmine Sullivan refers to the song in his song " Mascara " .
Credits are drawn from the B 'Day voucher notes.
Credits from Allmusic .
Before the storm, tropical storm advisories and wind warnings were issued from Florida to Maine.
The episode was well received by most television critics . They praised the production values of the series as well as the performances of the main actors .
The American Music Awards are an annual award ceremony created by Dick Clark in 1973.
The Grammy Awards are awarded annually by the National Academy of Recording and Science Arts.
The MTV Video Music Awards are an annual award ceremony created in 1984 by MTV.
At the end of the first quarter, East Carolina led the Boise State 10-7.
At half-time, East Carolina led Boise State 31 – 14.
At the end of the third quarter, East Carolina led the state of Boise 38 – 24 .
In the reserve race, Cambridge's Goldie beat Oxford's Isis in the fastest time ever, while Cambridge won the women's boat race.
Dwayne Johnson as Marvin F. Hinton / Roadblock
D.J. Cotrona as Dashiell R.
Channing Tatum as Conrad S. Hauser / Duke
Fort Pike in Louisiana is the seat of Fort Sumter in South Carolina as the venue for the summit meeting of leaders of armed countries @-@ nuclear.
The score of the film was composed by Henry Jackman.
Despite the negative critical response, the audience responded positively. CinemaScore's polls revealed that the audience gave the film an average score of A @-@ minus.
The parodies episode THX 's infamous 'Deep Note ' .
The trailer announcing the search for an heir by Mr. Burns is a cowardly parody of the trailer for Toys, a 1992 comedy with Robin Williams.
Mr. Burns also sings " Let's all go to the lobby " .
Mr. Burns said that he had had the idea of installing cameras across the city of Sliver, which he called a " delicious pump " .
Moe using a home-made @-@ sliding action case with a gun while looking in a mirror is a reference to Taxi Driver's Travis Bickle.
The scene in which Homer secretly eats flowers is a reference to a scene in The Last Emperor where the Empress eats flowers.
The young boy saying, "Today, sir? Why, it's Christmas!" makes a reference to Charles Dickens ' A Christmas Carol.
The room in which " Bart" (who really is Hans Moleman) is "in room number 101, which is referred to novel 19-80 @-@ Four.
In the deleted scene, the robot Richard Simmons healing after Smithers shot him with a shotgun is a reference to Terminator 2's T @-@ 1000: Judgment Day.
Homer's quote, "Children, you have done your best and failed lamentably. The lesson is never trying," was added to Oxford's citation dictionary in August 2007.
P. concolor holds the Guinness record for the animal with the largest number of names, with more than 40 in English only.
Costa Rican cougar ( P. c. costaricensis ) Merriam , 1901
Eastern South American Cougar (P. c.
North American Cougar ( P. v. cougar ) Kerr , 1792:
North American Cougar ( P. c. concolor ) Linnaeus , 1771:
South American Cougar ( P. c. puma ) Molina , 1782:
Florida Panther ( P. v. coryi )
With the increase in human development and infrastructure growth in California, the North American populations of Cougar are increasingly isolated from each other.
In the southern part of South America, the puma is a high-level predator that has controlled the Guanaco population and other species since prehistory.
On March 2, 2011, the United States Fish and Wildlife Service officially declared the eastern cougar (Puma concolor cougar) extinct.
The relevant North American subspecies is P. concolor cougar.
The entire road is in Patterson, Putnam County.
Other spellings in English included: , , , , , , , , and , .
At the beginning of Haifa, it is thought to have occupied the area that extends from the current hospital @-@ Rambam day to the Jewish cemetery on the street. The inhabitants engaged in fishing and agriculture.
The mass evacuation, triggered in part by fear, partly by orders of Arab leaders, left the Arab quarter of Haifa a ghost city ... By removing the Arab workers their leaders hoped to paralyze Haifa.
Many of Wadi Salib's historic Ottoman buildings have now been demolished, and in the 1990s much of the old town has been razed to make way for a new city centre.
Haifa is often presented as a model of co @-@ existence between Arabs and Jews, although tensions and hostility still exist.
The port of Haifa is the leader in passenger traffic among Israeli ports, and is also a major freight port, although deregulation has seen its domination contested by the port of Ashdod.
In 2014 it was announced that a @-@ technology-based scholarship would be established to compete with the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange.
Two prestigious Arab schools in Haifa are the Orthodox School, run by the Greek Orthodox Church, and the School of Nuns of Nazareth, a Catholic institution.
The northern lines of the country use the HaMifratz Central Bus Station and their coverage includes most cities in northern Israel. The southern lines use the Haifa Hof HaCarmel Central Bus Station.
The Haifa Hawks are a Haifa-based ice hockey team that competes in the Israeli League, Israel's highest level of ice hockey.
The entire route is at Crown Point, Essex County.
On 5 July 2016 Torres extended his contract to a one-year permanent contract with Atlético Madrid.
Adapted credits from album notes .
Wynter , Kareen ( May 8, 2008 ) . " Attacking Scientology: The Church of Scientology faces a new generation of attacks on the Internet . Kareen Wynter reports . " . CNN . ( Video aired )
Omaha was not to become a big city or greater than its neighbour through Missouri, Bluffs Council, Iowa. In 1856, a land speculator reported to its east coast concerns that,
In August 1859 Abraham Lincoln visited lands he had invested in the Bluffs Council, and although there was no need to consider it worth the time to cross the river at the village of Omaha.
In 2005, part of the Lincoln Road in Omaha was listed on the National Historic Sites Registry.
Airlines serving Omaha include American, Delta, Frontier, Southwest, United and US Airways.
Missouri River Pedestrian Bridge will link Miller 's Landing to Council Bluffs in 2009. A riverfront trail will travel the length of the South Omaha Bridge River to Dodge Park.
Omaha Harbour was located in the centre of town where Miller's landing is now. In addition to processing shipments of outgoing grain barges, it also processed incoming shipments of steel and asphalt.
The Omaha district of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers operates from the city.
The song is in the key of E flat Mixolydian, with a progression of the main chord of E - B - B - Fm.
There are a number of versions and remixes of " Clocks " .
In 2004, singer R & B Brandy, as well as producer Timbaland, sampled " Clocks" for her song "Should I Go" on her fourth studio album Afrodisiac.
A remixed cover of the song is included on the soundtrack of the video game Dance Dance Revolution: Hottest Party for the 2007 Wii console.
The song , although with modified lyrics , appears in the episode of two and a half men ".
A version of the song in the style of Buena Vista Social Club appears on the album Rhythms del Mundo 2006.
In early 1994 Khoo was withdrawn from KFC as a result of a change in ownership , despite its contribution to increased sales and profitability .
Credits are adapted from Happy to You line notes.
The entire highway is in King County.
The flight was to land at Hartsfield Atlanta International Airport @-@ Jackson at 7:18 a.m.
The wife of Captain Clay strongly challenges the primary responsibility of the pilots, claiming that other factors have contributed, " including a control tower under the direction of @@ and an inaccurate runway map " .
The station provides connections to bus lines 23 and 24 at a nearby bus stop in Kaj-Vei.
Berg has two platforms, each with a wooden hangar and ticket offices. The hangars are designed by Arne Henriksen in a minimalist style and standardized with wooden and steel constructions.
Although logging continues in the region, Adams are no longer used for the transport of logs.
Each story of The One I Love consists of seven manga pages and an accompanying essay.
Source: Rolltide.com All @-@ time Football Results: 2010 Season
Starters and backups.
In the summer of 1918, O 'Brien was transferred to the French coast where she continued her anti-submarine patrols until the end of the war.
Hakim refused a position on the Asia Pacific Screen Awards on numerous occasions, because he was unable to reconcile his schedule with the awards.
Dr. Siti Pertiwi (1980)
Patrick Malahide as Reverend J.G. Keach
I felt that if I could do it in the present, suggesting internal pain through performance, then I really wouldn't want to do it at all.
Both were developed by Carnegie Mellon University; Deep Thought's development paved the way for Deep Blue.
Following the storm, the name Graham was removed from the Australian region basin.
Other varieties that can be found include: , , , , , , , , , , , White Grenache , Grey Grenache , Picpoul , , , and Rolle .
The majority of the wines produced in Languedoc are labelled wine. There is also an important production of Natural Sweet Wines.
The arrangement of Silver Bullet passes through three of the park's theme areas: Ghost Town, Fiesta Village, and Indian Trails.
Surya as. Varma, Indu's father. Raghuveer manipulates him for access to Indu and kills him just before he accepts Harsha's proposal to marry Indu.
Sunil as Harsha's gullible friend. He accompanies him most of the time and constantly warns him about Indu's financial exploitation.
Sameer as Maan Singh, Commander @-@ in @-@ Head of Sher Khan's army who informs Sher Khan about Bhairava's forces.
Chiranjeevi in an appearance cameo in the song of the article " Bangaru Kodipetta " .
Mumaith Khan like Reshma , the land bike racer . She also appears in " Bangaru Kodipetta " .
Kim Sharma as Hamsa , a dancer who appears in the article's song ".
Brahmanandam as a neighbour of Indu.
The film won the National Award for Best Choreography and Special Effects at the 57th National Film Awards. The film also won six Filmfare Awards, nine Nandi Awards, and ten CineMAA Awards.
Two artillery platoons and a section of M @-@ 24 tanks in support.
While Crush and its Nintendo 3DS Crush 3D port retain the same gameplay and premise mechanics, both versions have different plots.
Amanita muscaria and Amanita pantherina are illegal to buy, sell, or own since December 2008 . Possession of quantities greater than dried $ or 5g fresh lead to a criminal charge.
The British Monopoly Board standard has the Strand in a group with two roads it connects to; Fleet Street and Trafalgar Square.
The Philadelphia chapter of the Baseball Writers ' Association of America awarded him the "Steve Carlton Most Valuable Pitcher" award for the second consecutive year.
Rob Neyer, a sabermetrician and columnist for ESPN.com, contradicted anyone who claimed that Hamels' skills had deteriorated, instead of commenting,
The solitaires are the size of a medium, grey and white coloured turkey tail. They inhabit the top of the mountains. Their food is only worms and dirt, taken on or in the ground.
Figures in parentheses are for storms in the central Pacific basin west of 140°W; those not in parentheses are for the eastern Pacific basin.
A name from the Central Pacific list was used – Aka . This was the first use for this name .
In North America, the term track and field can be used to refer to other athletic events, such as marathon, rather than strictly @-@ based events.
The track and the field contain some of the main types of sports launches, and the four main disciplines are the only pure launch events to present themselves at the Olympic Games.
In addition to hosting the indoor world championships, the IAAF has hosted the IAAF indoor world tour since 2016.
Isabella was buried at West Norwood Cemetery on February 11. When The Dictionary of Every @-@ Day Cookery was published that same year, Samuel added a tribute to his wife at the end:
This is the only episode of the whole series in which Aubrey Plaza does not appear as April Ludgate.
Charles Dickens also visited Bath on several occasions. He gave public readings in the assembly halls and mentioned them in The Pickwick Papers (published in 1837):
Barrow was a capable boxer, and he's already fought John L. Sullivan in an exhibition for four laps.
Credits adapted from Born Sinner's Liner Notes .
J. Cole – main songs , songwriting , production
The North-West Ordinance of 1787 in theory prohibits slavery in the Northwest Territory, including the Minnesota region.
There shall be no slavery or involuntary servitude in that territory , other than in the punishment of the crime , the part of which shall have been duly condemned .
Although Kodokan Chiken's weakest @-@ no, Tomita was able to defeat the great Jujutsu champion of that time,..Nakamura, of the Tenjin Shin 'yō @-@ ryū style.
According to an adversarial report provided by the New York Times on February 21, referring to Tomita as "Prof.
Maeda loved the name and began to use it to promote her art afterwards.
In May 1956, a memorial in Maeda was erected in Hirosaki City, Japan. The signing ceremony was attended by:
The Araïan (1717) suggests that " stench " means " stench " , tsu is a possessive particle, and is not linked to the azure, the word for " dog " .
Kitsu is now archaic; in modern Japanese, the cry of a fox is transcribed as kon kon or gon gon.
Every night, she ran away and slept in her arms.
Later, the fox saved his life by driving him in front of a gang of armed thieves.
The whole road is in Westchester County.
Hurricane Tanya was the first storm to be named with a name beginning with " T " since the name of the Atlantic tropical cyclones began in 1950.
The kakapo is mainly nocturnal; it wanders under cover in trees or on the ground during the day and moves around its territories at night.
Andi Peters expressed her intention to move forward in March 1996, and Emma Forbes decided to follow after discovering that she was pregnant.
Robert G. Carter gave a brief description of his appearance in the War Letters first published in 1897:
Sharpsburg . was taken prisoner by Stuart 's
Warren also served as the island's nurse, his only police officer, a ham radio operator, and as a member of the Territory's board of directors, among other roles.
Pitcairn has a small population. The island's 48 inhabitants often serve several functions or jobs. Warren describes his many roles on his personal site:
Bing West, served in the mortar platoon during the Vietnam War in 1965.
The Hong Kong setting is evoked by the scene where the characters drink San Miguel Beer a basic cultural food of the megalopolis of East Asia.
Fowler also scored bracts against Aston Villa, Ipswich Town, Chelsea and Norwich City in the league this season.
In May 2016, it was revealed that Fowler would return to the field to play for England at Soccer Aid, a charity football game to help UNICEF, alongside Jamie Carragher.
In October 2013, it was announced that Fowler would take on a coaching role with Liverpool FC at the academy.
On September 9, 2014, it was revealed that Fowler had applied for the vacant position of head coach/manager in his former club Leeds United.
Fowler married Kerrie on June 9, 2001, in the town of Duns, Scotland. Together, they have three daughters named Madison, Jaya, and Mackenzie, and one son, Jacob.
Fowler is a supporter of Liverpool F.C. and regularly attends the games in Anfield. He works in the media for Abu Dhabi Sports Channel, Sky Sports and ITV.
Fowler is cousin of the boxer and gold medallist of the 2014 Commonwealth Games Antony Fowler.
With vases, up to a deep lore (lines 1 to 10)
The figures remain mysterious as they revolve around the narrator. Finally, they turn to him and it is revealed that they are Ambition, Love, and Poetry, the themes of the poem:
I knew I was my demonic Poetry. (Lines 31 – 40)
Posthumous, in 1983, he received the Society's Mead Award for the Study of Symbolic Interaction.
His students included Carol Brooks Gardner, Charles Goodwin, Marjorie Goodwin, John, Gary Marx, Harvey Sacks, Emanuel, David and others.
Goffman saw this book as his opus magnum, but it was not as popular as his previous works.
Relative size: Goffman argues that the social situation is expressed by the relative size of the people in the advertisements, with men showing their superiority by their circumference and height.
Female Touch: Women are often represented touching people or objects in a ritual way, sometimes just barely touching the object or person.
Function Ranking: When a man and a woman are shown collaboratively, the male is more likely to be shown as the person of higher rank than the woman.
The credits are adapted from the liner notes of the album Destiny Fulfound .
In fact excluded any chance of pushing south ... [and ] ... represented a major blow to the intentions of the Second Army and to the Montgomery plan.
One of his most pioneering and innovative charitable causes was the oral instruction of what was then called the deaf and the dumb.
In June 2011, Christie 's auctioned a set of diamond beads and jewels (a tiara, brooch and bracelet) that were originally in Lady Rosebery's property.
Note: Only the first five positions are included for both classification sets.
Credits for Glitter adapted album notes.
A Christian leader named Abd Allah ibn Abu Bakr ibn Muhammad was martyred in Najran in 523, as he had worn a ring that said "Allah is my lord".
Before @@ the Islamic Arab Christians would have raised the cry of battle "Yaah, Allah" (O slaves of Allah) to invoke one another in the battle.
In Islam, Allah is the one, omnipotent and only the divinity and creator of the universe and is equivalent to God in other Abrahamic religions.
Some Muslims leave the name "Allāh" untranslated in English. The word has also been applied to certain living human beings as personifications of the term and concept.
Allāh in other languages that use the Arabic script is spelled in the same way. This includes Urdu, Persian/Dari, Uighur among others.
Many Arab-type polices have special ligatures for Allah.
The calligraphic variant of the word used as the coat of arms of Iran is encoded in Unicode , in the range of Miscellaneous Symbols , at U += (=) .
The usual names of the snake include the gaboon viper, the addition of butterfly, the addition of forest puffs, whisper, , the addition of gaboon, .
In the Philippines, they are served as a delicacy called Camaro in Pampanga province and are a tourist attraction. They are also served in parts of Northern Luzon.
MD 194 is part of the national road network as the main arterial from its southern terminus in Ceresville to Daysville Road in Walkersville and in the city of Taneytown.
After their conversation, the group drank champagne until two o'clock in the morning, paid by the merchant Marseillais.
All songs written by Paul McCartney.
This song marks the beginning of a five @-@ song medley on the album.
Personnel per booklet .
Human disease occurs in two stages: an acute stage, which occurs shortly after an initial infection, and a chronic stage that develops over many years.
Chagas disease is a growing problem in Europe , because the majority of chronic infections are asymptomatic and due to migration from Latin America .
A yeast trap can be used to monitor the infestations of certain species of triatomic insects ( Triatoma , Triatoma brasiliensis , Triatoma , and .
Promising results were obtained with the treatment of vector habitats with the Beauveria bassiana fungus.
Targeting the symbionts of Triatominae through, can be done.
A reference by David Rothe, bishop of Ireland, to a "Joane [also registered as Jane ] Baltimore now wife" of Calvert, reveals that Baltimore had recently remarried.
Baltimore was determined to visit his colony in person. In May 1626 he wrote to Wentworth:
Baltimore sent his children to England in August, and when the king's letter reached Avalon, he left with his wife and servants for Virginia.
The Ernie Kovacs Show, the first truly innovative show in what was then visual radio, not television.
The occasional @-@ throw ball for the batsman (a bouncer) has never been illegal and is still widely used as a tactic.
There's no way I'm being influenced to adopt such tactics that bring such a discredit to the game. I know Tim could do it but I'm not going to participate in actions that can only hurt the game.
I don't want to see you, Mr. Warner.
In the poem, Tennyson does not teach the public what melancholy means. Instead, he describes his various aspects at the moment he begins:
This held the pear on the gable wall @-@ .
On the lonely driveway.
In the morning or at the event . ( lines 13 to 16 )
It is surrounded by calm and there is little movement in the poem. The water is calm and there is only the growth of the moss:
The clustered crept @-@ mousses . ( lines 37 to 40 )
He bowed toward his western bow (lines 77 to 80).
Jonathon wrote in his career, "The poem [ Mariana ] is a remarkable glimpse of the primitive ideal that is Tennyson taking life in all its uselessness."
In the future alternative chronology represented in "Endgame", the Star Trek: Final Voyager, Pulaski would have worked at Starfleet Medical Institution in San Francisco.
The noisy minor looks like the yellow-throated minor @-@ and the black-eared minor @-@; it has a dull white forehead and a black crown, while the others have grey heads.
The noisy minor also produces non @-@ vocal sounds by clicking or clicking on his beak, usually during antagonistic encounters with other bird species, or during the crowd of a predator.
In flowering plants, this condition occurs in sieve tube elements.
In October 2015, NASA released a real color portrait of Ceres by Dawn.
Ceres follows an orbit between Mars and Jupiter, inside the asteroid belt, with a period of 4 @.@ 6 terrestrial years. The orbit is moderately inclined ( i
There are indications that Ceres can have a tenuous water vapour atmosphere degassing from the water ice to the surface.
The Chinese Space Agency is in the process of designing a sampling mission from Ceres to take place in the years 2020.
Eilean a ' Cheò , which means mist island (a translation of the Nordic name), is a poetic Gaelic name for the island.
Florida Atlantic University is home to a number of @-@ sports related traditions and school spirit organizations.
Competition: " Governments compete to dominate the clean technology sector @-@ and create jobs for the future " .
Consumers . " Wise consumers demand cleaner products and services that use resources efficiently, reduce costs and take into account quality in relation to quantity. "
Climate . " The debate on climate change has moved from a question mark to a question mark @@ discussion of certainty, and smart businesses are taking care. "
The six Cs are a simple list of factors , not necessarily a useful framework for understanding , or benefiting , the clean technology industry .
The clean technologies revolution was followed by the book Clean Tech Nation: How the U.S. Can Leader in the New Global Economy 2012 .
Excellent condoms as containers and multipurpose barriers because they are waterproof, elastic, durable, and (for military use and espionage) will not create suspicions if they are found.
Medically, condoms can be used to cover ultrasound probes, or in field chest needle decompressions, they can be used to make a valve @-@ way.
Condoms were also used to protect scientific samples from the environment, as well as waterproof microphones for underwater recording.
The most common non @-@ latex condoms are made from polyurethane. Condoms can also be made from other synthetic materials, such as AT resin @-@ 10, and more recently polyisoprene.
However, polyurethane condoms are less elastic than latex condoms, and may be more likely to slip or break than latex, lose their shape or group more than latex, and are more expensive.
The anti-@rape condom is another variant designed to be worn by women. It is designed to cause pain to the attacker, hoping to give the victim a chance to escape.
A collecting condom is used to collect sperm for fertility treatments or analysis of sperm. These condoms are designed to maximize sperm life.
Some @-@ condoms such as devices are intended only for entertainment, such as @-@ shine in @-@ dark condoms. These new condoms may not provide protection against pregnancy and STDs.
Casanova in the 18th century was one of the first to use "insurance caps" to avoid impregnation of its mistresses.
Some moral and scientific criticism of condoms exists despite the many benefits of scientifically agreed condoms and sexual health experts.
Middle @-@ Eastern Couples who have not had children, due to strong will and social pressure to establish fertility as early as possible in marriage, rarely use condoms.
The cladogram below follows an analysis by Andrew McDonald, 2012 .
Only two species attributed to Iguanodon are still considered valid.
I. , described in 2015 , is based on adult and juvenile remains found in Barremian age deposits @-@ in Teruel , Spain .
Iguanodon (or) , described by Czech paleontologist Antonin Fritsch in 1893 , is a dubious reptile , now known as ".
I. prestwichii (also spelled I. , described by John Hulke in 1880, was reassigned to Camptosaurus prestwichii or its own genus.
Two species described by Richard Lydekker in the late 19th century were reassigned to different genera.
I. fittoni was described by Lydekker in 1889. Like I. dawsoni, this species was described from East Sussex's Wadhurst clay. It is now the Hypselospinus type species.
I.-I., described by Hulke two years after I. prestwichii, was synonymized with Iguanodon bernissartensis, although this is controversial.
I. , described by Emanuel , in 1871 , was reassigned to .
Harry Seeley described I. phillipsi in 1869, but later he reassigned it to.
The nomen nudum "=" ( van den Broeck , 1900) also belongs here.
The dubium, described by Peter Galton and James A. Jensen in 1979, is a nomen dubium based on the teeth of the Aptian @-@ lower age Cedar Mountain Formation of Utah.
Not all outputs are numbered.
In February 2001 Mosley announced his intention to run for President in October of the same year , saying that if this third term was successful , it would be his last.
Gold Medal Castrol of the Institut de l'industrie automobile en l'année 2000 .
Non-governmental organization of the National Road Safety Council , Armenia , 2005 .
Secretary, Oxford Union Society, 1961.
The brigade took command of the 6th, 65th and 84th engineering battalions.
The Winston Tunnel is a 9-mile railway tunnel ( 14 @@ 5 km) west of Elizabeth, Illinois.
When the Chicago Great Western was federalized during the First World War, a contingent of Illinois National Guards were assigned to protect the tunnel.
On May 10, Warren Gatland appointed a 35 @-@ man team for their June 3 test series @-@ against New Zealand, pre @-@ test round against England and mid-week game against the leaders.
On May 29, after an injury to Dan Lydiate in hot England @-@ up match, Ellis Jenkins was called to the team to replace Lydiate.
On June 7, Aaron Jarvis was called to the team as injury cover for Paul James. Jarvis later became a permanent replacement after James failed to recover his injury.
On June 11, Aled Davies joined the team to replace Lloyd Williams.
After the first test, Keelan Giles and Rhys were called to the team as injury cover.
Anekāntavāda is one of the three Jain doctrines of relativity used for logic and reasoning. The other two are:
nayavāda — the theory of partial viewpoints.
These philosophical concepts of Jain have made an important contribution to ancient Indian philosophy, particularly in the areas of scepticism and relativity.
syād @-@ avaktavya. — in a way, it is indescribable.
According to the Jains, Syādvāda and kevalajñana (omniscience) are the fundamental facts of knowledge. In this regard, -chārya Samantabhadra writes:
The ancient texts of Jaïne often explain the concepts of , and syādvāda with the parable of blind men and an elephant , which deals with the multiple nature of truth .
Divākara: None of the above. Each has its own definition of "truth" and is conditional.
Mahāvīra encouraged his disciples to study and understand rival traditions in his Acaranga Sutra: "One philosophical vision through the in-depth study of another."
To defend the doctrine, Jains points out that anekāntavāda seeks to reconcile apparently opposing views rather than refute them.
Ace Attorney Investigations 2 is the second entry in the Series Investigations. It was published for the Nintendo DS in 2011 in Japan, but was not released in the West.
Chandler, David P. The tragedy of Cambodian history. New Haven CT: Yale University Press, 1991 .
Gitlin , Todd , The Soixantaines : Years of Hope , Days of Rage . New York : Bantam Books , 1987 .
Karnow , Stanley , Vietnam : A Story . New York : Viking Books , 1983 .
Kennedy , Denis , Tracks in the Jungle in The Army at War . Boston : Boston Publishing Company , 1987 .
Maroc , John , Operation Menu in War in the Shadows . Boston : Boston Publishing Company , 1988 .
Palmer , Dave Richard ( 1978 ) . Invocation of the Trumpet : The history of the Vietnam War after a military man . New York : Ballantine .
Shawcross, William, Sideshow: Kissinger, Nixon and the Destruction of Cambodia. New York: Washington Square Books, 1979.
During the period of birth, Varanasi was connected by a road from Taxila and ending at.
Feroz Shah ordered Hindu temples in Varanasi destroyed in 1376.
The BHU Faculty of Physical Arts Education offers diploma courses in Sports Management, Sports Physiotherapy, Sports Psychology and Sports Journalism.
Lieutenant-Colonel Michael Anketell.
Malaya 1942 and Singapore.
After the appointment, Nixon held hands with his trademark "V" sign of victory, delivering a speech of acceptance written in the previous weeks. In his speech, he pointed out:
Georgian scripts have the national status of cultural heritage in Georgia, and are currently proposed for inclusion in the UNESCO list of intangible cultural heritage of humanity.
The oldest inscriptions of Asomtavruli found so far date from the 5th century and are inscriptions of Bir el.
From the 7th century, the forms of some letters began to change. The equal height of the letters was abandoned, with letters acquiring ascendants and descendants.
Note: Some fonts show " capitalized " (high) variants of the letters Nuskhuri and Mkhedruli rather than Asomtavruli.
Decorative capital letters of Asomtavruli , ( m ) , ( n ) and ( t ) , from the 12th to the 13th century .
The importance was also attached to the colour of the ink itself.
The letter Asomtavruli (-) is often written with decorative effects of fish and birds.
The title of Matthew's Gospel in Asomtavruli "Curly" decorative form.
Note: Without appropriate font support, you can see question marks, boxes or other symbols instead of Nuskhuri letters.
Example of one of the oldest written texts of Mkhedruli @-@ found in the royal charter of King Bagrat IV of Georgia, 11th century.
Coin of Queen Tamar of Georgia in Mkhedruli, 1187 AD.
Mkhedruli has been adapted to languages outside Georgian. Some of these alphabets have retained obsolete letters in Georgian, while others have required additional letters:
Only four letters are x @-@ height, with neither ascendants nor descendants: , , , , .
Three letters have both ascendants and descendants, as in the Old English, , , , and (in writing ) . , has both , and descending in printing , and sometimes in writing .
The expression "gani" can be written as "vini" with a closed loop at the bottom.
The expression "" ("") is often written with a simple loop at the top, .
The words ", " , " and " ( k 'ani , " , " ) are usually written with straight lines , vertical at the top , so that for example " ( " ) resembles a U with a dimple in the right side .
Rarely, oni ( oni) is written as a right angle, .
It is often written with a bow, like a Latin.
Another variant has a triangular bowl.
Several letters are similar and can be confused at the beginning , especially in writing.
The critical difference is whether the top is a full arc or a vertical line (plus @-@ or @-@ minus ) .
With regard to the letters k'ani and p'ari , the essential difference is whether the letter is written below or above x @-@ height , and whether it is written at the top @-@ bottom or bottom @-@ top .
The expression "" ("") is written with a vertical top.
Asomtavruli is often very stylized and writers have easily formed ligatures, intertwined letters, and placed letters in letters.
Mkhedruli, in the 11th to 17th centuries also came to employ dipgraphs to the point that they were mandatory, demanding adherence to a complex system.
Ossetian language in the 1940s.
Abkhaz language in the 1940s.
The Chechen (historical) language, later replaced in the 17th century by Arabic and Cyrillic writing in the modern era.
The avar language (historical), later replaced in the 17th century by Arabic and Cyrillic writing in modern times.
Turkish language and Tatar language. A Turkish Gospel, dictionary, poems, medical book dating back to the 18th century.
The Persian translation of the 18th-century Arab Gospel is preserved at the National Centre of the Manuscripts of Tbilisi.
The old Avar intersects with the Avar inscriptions in the Asomtavruli script.
The Georgian script Mkhedruli has been granted official status to be Georgia's internationalized domain name script for (-) .
Below you will find the standard layout of the Georgian keyboard @-@ language, the traditional layout of manual typewriters.
Gallery of Asomtavruli, Nuskhuri and Mkhedruli scripts.
The europeium is produced by nuclear fission , but the yields of europeium isotope fission products are low near the top of the mass range of fission products .
Overall, europeium is eclipsed by caesium @-@ 137 and strontium @-@ 90 as a radiation risk, and samarium and others as a neutron poison.
Many minerals contain europeium , with the most important sources being bastnäsite , monazite , xenotime and lopartite .
The main nitrite is europeium nitrite ( III ) ( -) .
Each section of the road has been completed by separate link roads.
The Ely viaduct (Trappont) crosses the Ely River and the main railway line in southern Wales.
The viaduct was designed by South Glamorgan County Council. Robert Benaim and Associates, now called Benaim UK Ltd designed the initial launch system for the glued segmental structure.
Chris Carter stated that " Irresistible " was effective in " being really scary " , and that not only was it one of his favourites, but it inspired him to create the Millennium TV series later.
Thunderbird 1: a hypersonic rocket aircraft used for the rapid reconnaissance of reaction and accident areas. Piloted by the Senior Rescue Coordinator, Scott Tracy.
Thunderbird 2: a supersonic aircraft that transports vehicles and life-saving equipment to accident areas in removable capsules called " Pods " , driven by Virgil.
Thunderbird 3: One @-@ internship @-@ at @-@ spaceship orbit. Piloted alternately by Alan and John, with Scott as co @-@ pilot.
Thunderbird 4 : a submersible utility . Piloted by Gordon and normally launched from Thunderbird 2 .
Thunderbird 5: A space station that relays distress calls from all over the world, alternately carried by Space Monitors John and Alan.
The main shopping area of Partington is on Central Road, in the center of town. Partington also has a traditional market on Smithy Lane.
The intersection of the free throw line and the free throw path is called the elbow of the key.
The novel has been translated into many languages since its first publication in Spanish, as explained by González in 2003.
In the German Eine in Sieben, Max and Moritz is a series of seven illustrated stories about the ancient malice of two boys, who are finally ground @-@ down and fed to ducks.
The character of M. , the name based on Yiddish insult, shows similarities with Johanna Kessler's husband, who was not interested in art and culture.
According to Wessling, Busch became skeptical of marriage after writing the story. To Marie Anderson he wrote: "I will never marry ( ... ) I am already in good hands with my sister".
Although Gernhardt felt that the Jews for Busch were foreigners, Jewish leader Hermann Levi gave him friends, suggesting that Busch had a slight bias towards the Jews.
The Canning Dam and Reservoir still provide about 20 percent of Perth's drinking water needs and plays an important role in Perth's development.
The final cost of the dam was significantly lower than originally planned , and the work was completed at a date that was calculated seven years earlier .
In 2013 Mattel decided to reformulate the story of Midge, representing her as a best friend of Barbie, but single, without children, and without any connection to Alan.
Florida Midge uses Mackie headmold.
Mike E. Clark – Composer , Engineer , Mixing , Producer , Programming
Almost everything about a star is determined by its initial mass, including features such as brightness, size, evolution, lifetime, and its eventual fate.
In larger stars, helium is produced in a cycle of carbon-catalyzed reactions called the carbon cycle @-@ nitrogen @-@ oxygen.
Perry was nominated for a Nickelodeon Kids ' Choice Award in 2014 in the Favourite Animated Animal Sidekick category.
However, all Alkan's music is either long or technically difficult; for example, many of Op. 31 Preludes and all of the sketches, Op. 63.
Three Andantes , Op. 13 , No. 2 on YouTube , played by Lloyd Buck
Scherzo , Op. 34 on YouTube , played by Lloyd Buck
Le Festin, op. 39 , n° 12 on YouTube , played by Edward Cohen
Four sketches of Op. 63 on YouTube , played by Edward Cohen
I am, yours really, William McGregor (Aston Villa F.C.)
On May 8, 2012, Nash became general manager of the Canadian Senior National Team. Three months later, he rehired Triano as head coach.
J. Walter Kennedy Citizenship Award ( NBA Award for Outstanding Citizenship and Community Service ) : 2007
For the 2010 Olympic Winter Games in Vancouver, Nash became the first NBA player in Olympic history to wear the torch and light of the Olympic cauldron.
This table refers to the route as it was in 1942.
Cerny drew inspiration from Mr. C. Escher's miniature golf, racing games and works of art. He applied a minimalist approach to the design of the appearance of the courses and enemies of the game.
In a few hours, Eichmann's body had been cremated, and its ashes scattered in the Mediterranean Sea outside Israeli territorial waters by an Israeli naval patrol boat.
The whole road is in Allegany County.
Value transported in Ecstasy.
Frickley Athletic and Worksop Town are considered local rivals of Steels. Stocksbridge's highest participation in the league against their rivals is 610 for a match against Worksop.
For more details on players who played in the Football League before or after playing for Stocksbridge Park Steels, see Category: Stocksbridge Park Steels Players F.C. .
On July 3, 1965, McCain married Carol Shepp, a model from Philadelphia. McCain adopted his two young children Douglas and Andrew. He then had with Carol a daughter named Sidney.
McCain gained a reputation for independence during the 1990s. He is proud to challenge party leadership and settlement forces, becoming difficult to categorize politically.
In March 2002, McCain @-@ Feingold passed through both Houses of Congress and was signed by President Bush. Seven years in progress, it was McCain's greatest legislative achievement.
In addition to his military honours and decorations, McCain received a number of civilian awards and honours.
The following is a list of towers with their names and curved rays.
Jon Challinor (born December 2, 1980) is an English footballer.
Challinor married his wife Lara in the summer of 2007. As a fan of Star Wars films, La Marche Impériale was played as part of the ceremony.
A model of HMS Glorious by the famous marine model manufacturer Norman A. Ough, built for the Royal United Services Museum, is now exhibited in the Fleet Air Arm Museum at the RNAS Yeovilton.
In 2014, no other religion maintained buildings dedicated to Keswick; the Muslim cult was housed on Fridays in a room at the local council building on Main Street.
The majority of visitors arrive by car and are served by three car parks in the city centre, another large next to the theatre by the lake, and the smallest elsewhere in the city.
His signature image was characterized by his long hair and beard, as well as his black hat and the black leather vest he wore during his appearances.
While participating in military operations involving a conflict with an opposing foreign force.
While serving with friendly foreign forces engaged in an armed conflict against an opposing armed force in which the United States is not a belligerent party.
Marine and Marine Corps: 10 U.S.C. §
Coast Guard: 14 U.S.C. § 491 A version is allowed but has never been assigned.
The Medal of Honour gives special privileges to its recipients. By law, recipients have several advantages:
Recipients of the Medal of Honour are entitled to an additional uniform allowance.
Special identity cards and commissioner and exchange privileges are granted to recipients of the Medal of Honour and their eligible dependants.
Beneficiaries are eligible for burial at Arlington National Cemetery, if they are not otherwise eligible.
Children of fully qualified beneficiaries are eligible for admission to U.S. military academies, regardless of appointment and quota requirements.
Recipients receive a 10 per cent increase in retiring earnings.
Recipients receive an invitation to all future presidential inaugurations and inaugural balls.
A number of Veteran support organizations and private companies are dedicated to exposing those who falsely claim to have received the Medal of Honour.
Unknown foreign recipients include the Unknown British Warrior, the Unknown French Soldier, the Unknown Romanian Soldier, the Unknown Italian Soldier and the Unknown Belgian Soldier.
John and William Black, in the American Civil War. Blacks are the first brothers to be so honored.
Charles and Henry Capehart, in the American Civil War, the latter to save a man drowned while under fire.
Harry and Willard Miller, during the same naval action in the Spanish and American War.
Allen and James Thompson, in the same American civil war action.
The detection of quorum allows bacteria to coordinate gene expression and allows them to produce, release and detect pheromones that accumulate with the growth of the cell population.
Swimming bacteria often move close to 10 body lengths per second and a few as fast as 100. This makes them at least as fast as fish, on a relative scale.
Adapted credits from AllMusic .
By the city and jungle: Fourteen thousand miles A @-@ Wheel among the temples and people of the Indian plain. London: Unwin, 1904.
Mason , Kenneth ( 1955). Abode of Snow : History of Himalayan exploration and mountaineering . New York : E.P. Dutton & Co. , Inc.
Middleton , Dorothy ( 1965 ) . Victorian Lady Travellers . New York : E.P. Dutton & Co. , Inc.
Andrew West: "Senator, how are you going to counter Mr.Humphrey and his "you until the delegate votes?"
Senator Kennedy: "He is just returning to the struggle for her."
Kennedy was buried near his older brother John, at Arlington National Cemetery, in the first burial ever held at night; the second was the funeral of his younger brother Ted.
The stone was at the bottom of the hill and we were all alone.
In 2012, DC launched a prequel line, with various creative teams producing the first adventures of the characters before the events of the graphic novel.
Dr. Jon Osterman / Doctor Manhattan
According to Collider.com, HBO meets with Snyder to discuss a potential TV series Watchmen.
Watchmen was one of two comics, alongside Batman: The Dark Knight Returns, who inspired the designer Vincent, when he created the Comic Sans font.
At the end of the regular season, he was a Mention Honourable All @-@ Big East selection.
Some of the stones of the Brindley Aqueduct were preserved in the Barton Memorial Arch, a monument to its " castle in the air " .
Several of them were broken, as if they had been used in the attack [on the fort], as, indeed, many of them probably.
In the Biathlon, all Paralympic athletes shoot from a tense position.
Skiers in this class include Austrian Robert.
Posthumous publications in the book of Bates failed to mention the supposed benefits of direct sunlight on open eyes.
In 1967, the British Medical Journal noted that " Bates [ ... ] advocated a prolonged sun @-@ looking like the treatment of myopia, with disastrous results " .
Ian D. Clark as Colonel Graham
Dan Skene as Corporal Timmons
The album was reissued by Columbia / Legacy in 2000. The new issue includes a remastered sound, as well as the inclusion of previously unpublished songs.
Memorial Day (the last Monday in May): flags are displayed half @-@ mast from sunrise until noon, then raised to full @-@ mast.
Peace Officers Memorial Day ( May 15 ) : flags are displayed half @-@ mast for the whole day, unless this day is also Armed Forces Day ( the third Saturday in May ) .
Patriot Day ( September 11 ) : flags are displayed half @-@ mast for the whole day .
National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day ( December 7 ): flags are displayed half @-@ mast for the whole day.
Flags are displayed half @-@ mast for 30 days after the day of the death of a current or former president of the United States.
Flags are displayed half @-@ mast on the day of death and the next day for a member of the United States Congress.
Flags displayed at half @-@ mast on state property following a proclamation by the Governor of West Virginia in other unique cases described in the 2013 guidelines.
Give a wise and healing hymn to the gods.
The use of noise was at the heart of the development of experimental music and before @-@ watch music in the middle of the 20th century. Noise was used in important ways, in new ways.
Noise is used as a basic tonal material in electronic music.
John 10: 10: "I have come that they may have life, and that they may have it more abundantly " (KJV).
Philippians 4: 19: "My God will satisfy all your needs according to his riches in the glory of Jesus Christ" (LS).
Oral Roberts ; Montgomery , G. H. ( 1966 ) . God's formula for success and prosperity . Abundant Life Publication . OCLC .
Zig Ziglar ; Tom Ziglar ( 2012 ) . Born to win : Find your success code . Dallas : SUCCESS Media . ISBN .
Currently it is dated by the INTF in the 6th century.
As a result of this action, he was mentioned in despatches.
Captain Ernest Deane was one of 17 RCSI doctors killed in combat during the war. He is buried in Military Cemetery No. 1 on the @@ du @-@ street.
Simple American promotion ( 1995 )
U.S. Single Cassette ( 1995 )
Also in 1992, he played in the CITV series.
The State flag of the Republic of Poland is a rectangular piece of fabric in the colors of the Republic of Poland raised on a flag mast.
The State flag of the Republic of Poland is also the flag specified in paragraph 1 , with the coat of arms of the Republic of Poland placed in the middle of the white stripe .
other State and local government bodies – only national holidays.
In addition, the national flag without coat of arms is used as a sign for inland navigation.
While the ban on the use of the flag without coat of arms has been lifted, the use of the national flag with coat of arms is still limited by law. This flag should only be used:
as a (civil) merchant teaches .
11 November – Independence Day .
27 September – Polish underground state day .
The ancient Greek literature is similar: Autolycus ( " the wolf himself " ), Lycurgus ( " wolf @-@ work " ).
Latin for the " female prostitute " is, and Pompeii's most famous brothel was.
At Browning, Smart's temporary madness was what allowed him to compose in A Song to David poetry similar to that of John Milton and John Keats. Christopher Smart, as Browning's poem continues,
BuzzFeed ranked the episode 48th in his ranking of Veronica Mars episodes, writing that he made the spectator " annoy."On a similar list, TV Line ranked the episode 19th.
The tower rises from a plinth and has four stages including the @-@ gable in front of the stage clock, which is also decorated with pinnacles. A small stone arrow completes the composition.
Brosnan was raised in a Roman Catholic family and studied in a local school run by the brothers of the Hall while serving as a child of the altar.
In 2012, Brosnan played the role of Philip in the Danish romantic comedy Love Is All You Need.
Brosnan married twice, was widowed once and has five children and three grandchildren from 2015 onwards.
Flash warnings were issued on 29 April throughout northern Thailand under the threat of heavy rains from the remains of Mala.
Note: Only the first five positions are included for both classification sets.
During the civil war.
And died in this service.
The family Le Despenser comes from the lords of , in the north @-@ east of France . Henry Eleanor de Clare's grandmother was a granddaughter of Edward I of England .
Despenser took active measures to maintain orthodoxy in his own diocese. columnist Thomas Walsingham praised Henry's actions against the Lollards and contrasted him with his fellow bishops:
Syers was elected to the World Figure Skating Hall of Fame in 1981.
Spokane's high crime rate is related to the fact that it is an important dumping ground for the Washington State prison system.
Interstate 90 extends eastward – westward from Seattle, through Spokane and the suburbs eastward, towards Coeur d'Alene, Idaho and Montana.
Mr. Newton, a comrade of our college, and very young ... but of extraordinary genius and skill in these things.
With the Principia, Newton became internationally recognized. He acquired a circle of admirers, including the Swiss mathematician @-@ born Nicolas Fatio de Duillier.
Newton was one of many people who lost heavily when the South Sea Company collapsed. Their most important trade was slaves, and according to his niece, he lost about £20 @,@000.
God said, "Let Newton be" and everything was light.
If I saw further, it was by standing on the shoulders of the giants.
Newton saw God as the master creator whose existence could not be denied in the face of the greatness of all creation.
Observations on Daniel and the Apocalypse of Saint John ( 1733 )
However, in a suppressed scene, the West drowns and its body is collected and discovered by the American Coast Guard.
During a fantastic sequence, Cartman says "flame on" and turns into a flying superhero, into a fire; it is a reference to the Human Torch, a superhero and member of the Four Fantasy.
Range of Impaired Passive Movements - The range of movements in one or more joints is systematically reduced. Acute conditions such as arthritis are not included.
Loss of limb insufficiency - Total or partial absence of bones or joints due to partial or total loss due to disease, trauma or congenital impairment of the limbs (e.g. dysmelia).
Difference between legs and length - Significant shortening of bones occurs in a leg due to congenital impairment or trauma.
Short waist - Height is reduced due to shortened legs, arms and trunk, which are due to musculoskeletal deficiency of bone or cartilage structures.
Ataxia - Ataxia is a deficiency consisting of a lack of coordination of muscle movements (e.g. cerebral palsy, Friedreich ataxia).
The German national team was not so lucky, losing the final of the European Championship in the Netherlands in front of a crowd of native cities in Frankfurt.
Guns: Five .30 calibre machine guns @-@ , mounted in a single turret in the nose and dorsal positions , and simple manual mounts in the waist and ventral positions .
Michelle bought Sophie 's Gelato from New Orleans, which she operates.
I @-@ 95 has a toll place along the Turnpike Delaware near the Maryland border in Newark which charges $4 @.@ 00 for cars. In cash or E @-@ ZPass is accepted for payment of tolls.
The whole road is in New Castle County.
Róna ( 1912 ) . A. és az) ( Doctorate ) ( in Hungarian ) . Budapest , Hungary :
Róna , Elisabeth ( 1926 ) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Róna , Elisabeth , Schmidt , Ewald A W ( 1927 ) . Untersuchungen über das="des=" in=" ( in German ) . Vienna , Austria : Hölder @-@ Pichler @-@ Tempsky A.G. OCLC=" .
Rona , Elizabeth , Fritz ( 1932 ) . Untersuchungen über (in German ) . Untersuchungen über (in German ) . Vienna , Austria : Hölder @-@ Pichler @-@ Tempsky . OCLC (in German ) .
Róna , Elisabeth ; Hoffer , Margarete ( 1935 ) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Róna , Elizabeth , Elisabeth ( 1936 ) . Beiträge zur Frage der (in German ) . Vienna , Austria : Hölder @-@ Pichler @-@ Tempsky A.G. OCLC (in German ) .
Róna , Elisabeth , Herta ; Stangl , Robert ( 1938 ) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rona , Elizabeth , Ernst ; Karlik , Berta ; Pettersson , Hans ( 1939 ) . The radioactivity of seawater . Gothenburg , Sweden :
Rona , Elizabeth ( 1948 ) . Argonne National Laboratory , ed . Uranium ion exchange reactions in solution . Oak Ridge , Tennessee : U.S. Atomic Energy Commission . OCLC.
Rona , Elizabeth ( 1949 ) . Argonne National Laboratory , ed . Certain aspects of isotopic exchange reactions . Oak Ridge , Tennessee : U.S. Atomic Energy Commission . OCLC.
Rona , Elizabeth (July 1967 ) . Natural Radioactive Elements in the Marine Environment (Report ) . Miami , Florida : Atomic Energy Commission .
Adapted credits from album notes .
The synopsis continues a plot begun in The Secret of the Unicorn.
The song was also taken over by Matt Jorgensen + 451 on their album Hope released on Origin Records .
In the past, the manuscript was held in Bobbio, Weissenburg, Mainz and Prague. The Duke of Brunswick bought it in 1689.
The codex is located at the Herzog August Bibliothek (n° .-) in Wolfenbüttel .
German submarine U @-@ 111 was a ship of type IXB U @-@ of Nazi Germany Kriegsmarine during the Second World War.
U @-@ 111 participated in a pack of wolves, namely.
Web was broke in 1808 from Penelope and was "the influential Glencoe stallion through his daughter Trampoline.
Macrinus could have stopped the rebellion at this early stage, but could not decide on a course of action and remained in Antioch.
The company 's fleet and operations remained largely static until 3 November 2002 , when Blazefield sold Sovereign London to Transdev .
Jonathan Jennings Elementary School in Charlestown and Jennings County are both appointed in his honour.
the right to full employment and balanced economic growth;
an amendment concerning the progressive taxation of the population of the United States .
The order followed here is the one given by Butlin.
Bible Hebrew eventually developed into Hebrew Mishnaic, which was spoken until the second century CE.
Biblical Hebrew is a Semitic language in the Northwest of the Canaani sub-group.
The consonants lost and won during the life of the biblical Hebrew are the color @-@ coded respectively.
This is observed by noting that these phonemes are constantly distinguished in the Septuagint of the Pentateuch (e.g. Isaac)
The following sections present the vowel changes that the Bible Hebrew has undergone, in approximate chronological order.
Final short vowels without stress abandoned in most words, which allows long vowels to occur in closed syllables. This seems to have proceeded in two steps:
Final short mood, etc. markers fallen in verbal forms.
Final short case markers decreased in nominal form.
Short vowels * / a i u / tended to lie down in different positions.
First , short vowels plunged into an open syllable in a pretonic position ( i.e. directly before the stressed syllable ) .
Later, short vowels extended into stressed open syllables.
In the elongation process, the high vowels were lowered . In Secunda , the elongating reflexes of / a i u / are / a. e. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o.
Change of stress to be universally penultimate.
Mild syllable stress movement to follow heavy syllable when there is no syllable, with a newly unstressed light syllable reducing schwa.
Tonic elongation / lowering in open syllables.
Loss of last short vowels in names.
Note that many, perhaps most, Hebrew words with a schwa directly before a final stress are due to this change in stress.
Proto @-@ Hebrew words with a penultimate open and short @-@ vowel ending: Become final @-@ stressed (e.g. /-) / ( ' he killed ' ) < PHeb . /-) / .
Proto @-@ Hebrew words with a penultimate closed and short @-@ vowel ending: Become penultimate due to the rule (e.g. /= / ( ' king ' ) < * /= / ) .
Proto @-@ Hebrew words with an open penultimate short and a longer ending: Become final @-@ stressed due to a lag (e.g. /-) / ( 'they killed ' ) < PHeb . /-) / .
Proto @-@ Hebrew words with a closed penultimate and longer ending: Stay penultimate (e.g. /= / ( ' I kidnapped ' ) < PHeb . /= /= / ) .
It was written (especially by) that Tanzler had changed the bodies (or that Hoyos' remains were secretly returned to him), and that he died with Elena's real body.
In 2010 the band released a song called Cold Night which is sung from Tanzler's point of view.
The Black Dahlia Murder released a song called "Divine" that tells the story.
The song by Loch Lomond Wax & Wires tells the story of Tanzler's love for Elena.
In 2008 the single Count Von, Obsession, with the b @-@ side A Cemetery Serenade presenting an instrumental piece reincarnation Carl Tanzler 's organ play in the tomb.
The Ripley 's Believe it or not museum In Key West, Florida, has an exhibition recreating Elena's body being treated by Tanzler.
Tom Baker's novel Buried is a fictional horror novel based on Carl Tanzler.
The story of Drs. Von Cosel and Elena Hoyos was presented in an episode of the series " True Nightmares " entitled " Your Welcome " .
The Everglades: River of the Grass. Rinehart, 1947.
Road to the Sun. Rinehart, 1952.
Hurricane. Rinehart, 1958.
Crossing the Alligator. John Day, 1959.
The key to Paris . The keys of the series Villes . Lippincott , 1961 .
Florida the long border. Harper & Row, 1967.
The joys of bird watching in Florida. Hurricane House, 1969.
Adventures in a Green World – the story of David Fairchild and Barbour Lathrop . Field Research Projects . 1973 .
Marjory Stoneman Douglas: Voice of the River. with John Rothchild. Pineapple Press, Inc. 1987 .
Nine Florida stories by Marjory Stoneman Douglas . Ed . Kevin M. McCarthy . University of Northern Florida , 1990 .
A river in the floods and other Florida stories by Marjory Stoneman Douglas. Ed. Kevin M. McCarthy. Florida University Press, 1998 .
Icelanders are an ethnic group and a Germanic nation, native to Iceland.
Icelandic cuisine consists mainly of fish, lamb, and milk. Fish was once the main part of an Islander's diet, but recently gave way to meats such as beef, pork, and poultry.
As long as crowds mean anything, this posture is a brilliant success at a @-@ night stands.
The Socreds also opposed the CBC and other expenditures in the arts and broadcasting. The party felt that the government should solve economic problems before spending money on the arts.
Voter turnout: 74 @.@ 1% of eligible voters voted .
The X @-@ Files: The album received most positive reviews of its release, and was recorded in several countries around the world, recording a leading number 5 position in New Zealand.
In 2014, astronomers at the Universidad Complutense in Madrid suggested that the available data actually indicate more than one trans planet @-@ Neptunian.
where it is the speed of light. In the classic Doppler effect, the frequency of the source is not changed, but the movement of recession causes the illusion of a lower frequency.
This phenomenon was first observed in a 1938 experiment by Herbert E. Ives and G.R. Stilwell, called the Ives – Stilwell experiment.
The consequences of observing this effect can be derived from the equations of general relativity that describe a homogeneous and isotropic universe.
k is the curvature per unit surface.
A. To integrate on the path into the space and time that the luminous wave travels gives:
In an expanding universe like the one we live in, the scale factor increases monotonically as time passes, so z is positive and distant galaxies appear redshifted.
Using a model of the expansion of the Universe, redshift can be related to the age of an observed object, so @-@ called cosmic time – redshift relationship.
where H0 is the current constant @-@ day Hubble, and z is the redshift.
If the Universe contracted instead of expanding, we would see distant blueshifted galaxies in a quantity proportional to their distance instead of redshifted.
c is the speed of light.
This redshift gravitational result can be derived from the assumptions of special relativity and the principle of equivalence; the complete theory of general relativity is not required.
For a list of dissemination processes, see Scattering.
See also physical cosmology manuals for cosmological and gravitational redshift applications.
Information on the distinctions awarded to Trans @-@ Europe Express shall be adapted from acclaimed music, unless otherwise specified.
Adapted from Trans @-@ Europe Express liner notes .
On his death in April 2014, Juan Manuel Santos, President of Colombia, described him as "the greatest Colombian who has ever lived."
In 2012, his brother Jaime announced that García Márquez was suffering from dementia.
In his autobiography, García Márquez explains his fascination with the Macondo word and concept. He describes a journey he made with his mother back to Aracataca as a young man:
In John Green ' s famous novel " Looking for Alaska " , Gabriel García Márquez is mentioned on several occasions.
Interview with Gabriel García Márquez in 1998 .
The satirical artist " Weird Al " Yankovic created a parody of the song called " Yoda " , with lyrics about the character of Star Wars of the same name, on his 1985 album Dare to Be Stupid.
While the band was shooting with Avenged Sevenfold, guitarist Gates spoke of "" say "Holy shit", it's the craziest thing I've ever heard! The lyrics are crazy."
All songs are written and performed by Hollywood Undead, with specific detailed authors for each song.
Lambs are usually marked at the age of three to six weeks, but an extended lambing season may require two markings.
In the main sheep countries of Argentina , Uruguay , Brazil , Peru and Chile , breeders also use polar testing and performance recording systems as a means of improving their herds .
The mughal architecture, as seen in the abandoned imperial city of Fatehpur Sikri and the complex Taj Mahal, has a distinctive mathematical order and a strong aesthetic based on symmetry and harmony.
Ernest was replaced by his nephew Prince Alfred, Duke of Edinburgh.
KJ: Knight of Saint-Joachim
Saxony @-@ Coburg and Gotha , Duke Ernest II of (1888 ) . Memories of Ernest II : Duke of Saxony @-@ Coburg @-@ Gotha . London : Remington & Co . Publishers . , four volumes .
Coit Gilman , Daniel ; Harry Thurston Peck ; Frank Moore Colby ( 1903) . The New International Encyclopedia , Volume 6 . New York : Dodd , Mead , and Company .
Grey , The Honourable Charles ( 1868 ) . The Early Years of His Royal Highness the Prince Consort . New York : Harper & Brothers Publishers .
Hibbert , Christopher ( 2007 ) . Edward VII : The last Victorian king . New York : Palgrave Macmillan .
Kersal Moor is a leisure area in Kersal, Greater Manchester, England which consists of eight hectares of moorland bounded by Moor Lane, road, St. Paul 's Churchyard and Singleton Brook.
However, the last of these trees was burned around 1880.
Their sires, for the art of archery...
Their targets pierced with a lot of targeted shooting.
It is also mentioned in a collection of poems by Philip Connell entitled "Poaching on Parnassus " published in 1865.
Lines to Mr. Isaac Holden by Philip Connell on his drawing of the Prestwich Lunatic Asylum:
On the premises of his holy cell.
Where the mooring breezes blow.
As the mountain breezes blow.
Above my depths. - de The Moorland Breeze , Edwin Waugh ( 1889 )
Shamans could also be used for personal purposes, as when the eldest son of Nurhaci, supposedly tried to bewitch the entire lineage Aisin Gioro with the help of shamans in 1612.
In this case, bn is called power n @-@th b , or b raised to power n .
When n is a negative integer and b is not zero , bn is naturally defined as 1 / b - n , preserving the property bn × bm = bn + m .
The term power was used by the Greek mathematician Euclid for the square of a line. Archimedes discovered and proved the law of exhibitors, 10a 10b
At the end of the 16th century, Jost Bürgi used Roman numerals for exhibitors.
At the beginning of the 17th century, the first form of our modern exponential notation was introduced by René Descartes in his text entitled La.; there, the notation is introduced in book I.
Another historical synonym , involution , is now rare and should not be confused with its more common meaning .
b B B B is called the cube of b because the volume of a cube with the side @-@ length b is b3 . It is pronounced " b cubed " .
The exhibitor indicates how many copies of the database are multiplied together. For example, 35
The presentation can be generalized from whole exhibitors to more general types of numbers .
The exhibition operation with entire exhibitors requires only elementary algebra.
Any non-zero number raised by exhibitor 0 is 1; an interpretation of such a power is like an empty product. The case of 00 is discussed below.
The increase of 0 by a negative exponent is left indefinite.
The above identity can be derived by a definition to extend the range of exhibitors to negative integers .
This is easily true for each integer n .
The presentation is not commutative . This contrasts with the addition and multiplication , which are . For example , 2 + 3
The presentation is not associative either . The addition and multiplication are . For example , ( 2 + 3 ) + 4
The positive powers of 2 are important in computing because there are 2n possible values for a binary registry n @-@ bit .
The powers of 2 are important in the theory of the whole because a set with n members has a power, or set of all subsets of the original set, with 2n members.
The negative powers of 2 are commonly used, and the first two have special names: half, and one quarter.
The powers of one are all one: 1n = 1 .
If the exponent is negative , the power of zero ( 0n , where n < 0 ) is not defined , as the division by zero is implicit .
Therefore , the powers of - 1 are useful for expressing alternating sequences . For a similar discussion of the powers of complex number i , see § Powers of complex numbers .
This can be interpreted as follows: " b to the power of n tends to +, because n tends to the infinite when b is greater than one " .
If the number b varies according to the trend to 1 as the exponent tends to infinity, then the limit is not necessarily one of those above. A particularly important case is
See § The exponential function below .
Other limits , in particular those in an indeterminate form , are described in § Limits of powers below .
b . This solution is called the nth main root of b . It is designated n è b , where is the radical symbol ; alternatively , the main root can be written b1 / n . For example : 41 / 2
b has a real solution . The solution is positive if b is positive and negative if b is negative .
where u is an integer and v is a positive integer.
Care must be taken to apply power identities with negative nth roots. For example , − 27 =
The identities and properties indicated above for integer exhibitors are true for positive real numbers with no @-@ integer exhibitors as well. However identity
The expression of real powers of positive real numbers can be defined either by extending rational powers to the real by continuity , or more generally as indicated in § Powers via logarithms below .
The natural logarithm ln ( x ) is the inverse of the exponential function ex . It is defined for b > 0 , and satisfied
for each actual number x .
The powers of a positive real number are always positive real numbers. The solution of x2
The rational exponent method cannot be used for negative values of b because it is based on continuity . The function f ( r ) =
On the other hand , the arbitrary complex powers of negative numbers b can be defined by choosing a complex logarithm of b .
If a is a different algebraic number of 0 and 1 , and b is an irrational algebraic number , then all ab values are transcendental numbers ( i.e. , not algebraic ) .
Thus the complex exponential function is a periodic function with the 2πi period.
ex ( cos y + i sin y ) .
The use of exponentiation with complex exponents can reduce trigonometry problems to algebra.
The power z = ex + iy can be calculated as ex . The actual ex factor is the absolute value of z and the complex factor identifies the direction of z .
b . Thus, the same working method for real exhibitors also works for complex exhibitors .
Identity is, however, valid for arbitrariness complex <formula> when <formula> is an integer.
The complex powers of positive reals are defined e.g. as in the Complex Exhibits section with positive real bases above . These are continuous functions .
The rational power of a complex number must be the solution to an algebraic equation. Therefore, it always has a finite number of possible values. For example, w
For complex numbers w and z with w 0, the wz notation is ambiguous in the same sense as log w is.
because this corresponds to the earlier definition in the case where w is a positive real number and the main ( actual) value of log w is used.
If z is an integer, then the value of wz is independent of the choice of log w, and it agrees with the previous definition of the exponent with an exponent integer.
If z is an irrational number, then the infinitely numerous choices of log w lead to infinitely many distinct values for wz.
The calculation of complex powers is facilitated by the conversion of the w base into a polar form, as described in detail below.
A similar construction is used in the quaternions.
w. As with true roots, a second root is also called square root and a third root is also called cube root.
It is often easier to calculate complex powers by writing the number to be in the polar form. Each complex number z can be written in the polar form
The following examples use the main value , the branch cut which makes π in the interval ( - π , π ) . To calculate ii , write i in polar and cartesian forms :
Regardless of the branch of the logarithm used, a similar identity failure will exist. The best that can be said (if only using this result) is that:
On the other hand, when x is an integer, identities are valid for all complex non-zero numbers.
But that's not true when integer n is not zero.
The major error is that changing the order of the display by going from line two to three changes what the main value will be chosen .
If A is a square matrix, then the product of A with itself n times is called the power of the matrix. Also <formula> is defined as the identity matrix, and if A is inverse, then <formula>.
The exhibition for entire exhibitors can be defined for fairly general structures in abstract algebra.
If the operation has an ID element 2 @-@ sided 1 , then x0 is defined as equal to 1 for any x .
If the operation also has two reverses @-@ side and is associative, then the magma is a group. The inverse of x can be indicated by x - 1 and follows all the usual rules for exhibitors.
where each Vi is a vector space.
In ensemble theory, there are exponential operations for cardinal and ordinal numbers.
The exposure of the cardinal numbers is distinct from the exposure of the ordinal numbers , which is defined by a boundary process involving transfinite induction .
This perspective is significant for many polynomial identities appearing in combinatorial. For example, the binome theorem <formula> is not valid for x
powr treats 00 as NaN ( Not @-@ a @-@ Number – not defined ) . The value is also NaN for cases like powr ( - 3 @,@ 2 ) where the base is less than zero . The value is defined by = × log ( base ) .
Matlab, Python, Magma, GAP, singular,.. / GP and Google and iPhone calculators rate 00 as 1.
On the other hand, when n is an integer, the xn power is already significant for all x values, including negative values. This can make the definition 0n =
This series of steps requires only 8 multiplication operations instead of 99 ( since the last product above takes 2 multiplications ) .
Many programming languages lack syntactic support for exhibition, but provide library functions.
After a jury trial, the New York Supreme Court held Blacksmith.
U.S. Supreme Court Oral Argument
One of the complainants, Ely S. Parker, personally attended oral arguments before the United States Supreme Court in Washington, D.C. According to the New York Times:
Judge Samuel Nelson delivered the unanimous opinion of the Court, affirming the decision of the New York Court of Appeal.
The Court concluded: " We believe that performance was not an obligation of the beneficiaries, but of the Government under the treaty " .
Since its assets referred to above required an assertion , the Court did not reach another ground for a decision of the Court of First Instance , namely that assessment and payments were preconditions .
In June, Judge Jewett granted Tracy's motion to cancel, without charge. The court ruled that only the district prosecutor could bring such an action to enforce the law:
The high radioactivity of Lawrencium would make it highly toxic to living cells, causing radiation poisoning.
The site is a national historic site and is listed on the National Register of Historic Sites.
The next day, a delegation of 12 Kanzas arrived in the village; on September 28, they held a council with the Osages. Pipes were smoked in tokens of peace between the tribes.
Pike refused to be intimidated.
The site is owned and preserved by the Nebraska State Historical Society Foundation. There is no museum or visitor centre, and the site is not open to the public.
The game received positive reviews during the release. The SNES version has an overall score of 86% of GameRackings , while the Game Boy Advance version has a score of 76%.
Pennock was a competent rider. He also raised dogs and silver foxes for their skins. He also cultivated flowers and vegetables on his farm.
Beale , Peter ( 2011 ) . Fallen Sentinel : Australian tanks during the Second World War . Newport , NSW : Big Sky Publishing . ISBN .
Missoula was featured in an episode of CBS Criminal Minds . The episode aired on November 5, 2014 .
Missoula (as well as the , MT ) was also featured in the 1999 movie Chill Factor with Skeet Ulrich and Cuba Gooding, Jr.
The genome is the total genetic material of an organism and includes both genes and non @-@ coding sequences.
The key elements of Feynman's presentation of QED are three basic actions .
A photon goes from one place and from one time to another place and from another time.
An electron passes from one place and from one time to another place and from another time.
An electron emits or absorbs a photon at a certain place and time.
where a short hand symbol such as <formula> represents the four real numbers that give the time and position in three dimensions of the marked A point.
to find the field equations for QED .
The left side @-@ hand is like the original equation of Dirac and the right side @-@ hand is the interaction with the electromagnetic field.
which is a wave equation for the four potentials , the QED version of the Maxwell classic equations in the Lorenz gauge . (In the above equation , the square represents the operator D 'Alembert . )
from which we are able to calculate the cross-section for this diffusion .
De Broglie , Louis ( 1925 ) . Researches sur la , des quanta . France : Wiley @-@ Interscience .
The divisions were located in Minnesota, South Dakota, Iowa and Nebraska.
He used to say that the fate of the emperors was the most unfortunate, since when they discovered a conspiracy, no one believed them unless they were murdered.
The Roman actor (1626), a play by Philip Massinger that presents Domitian as the main character.
Josephus and the Emperor ( 1942; earlier Der Tag wird kommen ), a historical novel by Lion Feuchtwanger, in which a cruel and hypocritical Domitian suggests the tyranny of Adolf Hitler.
The accompaniment series, featuring Falco's adopted daughter Flavia, takes place during the reign of Domitian.
Master and God (2012), a historical novel by Davis center around the reign of Domitian.
The Light Bearer (1994), a historical novel by Donna Gillespie.
Domitia and Domitian (2000 ) , a historical novel by David Corson based on the works of Brian Jones and Pat Southern , turning around the characters-titles .
Mistress of Rome (2010), a historical novel by Kate Quinn where Domitian's powers as emperor are tarnished by his personal cruelty and suspicion towards those around him.
Roman Hell ( 2010 ), a historical novel by Mark Mellon, fictionalizes the rise and fall of Domitian and suggests that he might have had a role in the death of his brother.
San Giovanni ( 2003 ) , English television film about the alleged persecution of Christians under Domitian , which is played by Bruce Payne .
The Roman Mystery, a television miniseries based on the novels of Caroline Lawrence - Domitian appears in the episode, The Assassins of Rome, represented by Duncan Duff.
Michálek is married and has three children. He is an evangelical Christian.
Bellaire is known as the "City of Houses", because of its essentially residential character; however, there are offices along the 610 Loop within the boundaries of the city.
The city is surrounded by Houston, West University Place and Southside Place.
Many Bellaire streets, such as " Holly " , " Holt " , " Maple " , " Pin " , are named after the trees . The word " Holt " means a small grove or a forest of trees.
Bellaire organizes annual parades on July 4 and annual Christmas "Snow" celebrations in the park.
The city is served by Houston Independent School District (HISD ) . Bellaire is in Trustee District V.
Houston Chronicle is the region's regional newspaper. Residents receive Bellaire / West U / River Oaks Local.
A revised design was made by William Henry Barlow and Sir John Hawkshaw, with a wider bridge, higher and more robust than Brunel planned, with triple chains instead of doubles.
Overall width: 31 feet ( 9 @@ 45 m )
When Somervell's retirement was announced in December 1945, War Secretary Robert P. Patterson issued a press release which read as follows:
This is General Brehon B. Somervell's ribbon bar:
The Oxford English Dictionary quotes several Eastern words of Persian and Chinese giving rise to two early forms in English: ( of Persian ) and ( ) / tay @-@ fun ( of Chinese ) .
The ancient Greek, " Typhon " , father of the winds, had nothing to do with it, but it had secondary contaminated the word.
The paths of the typhoon follow three general directions.
A general path to the west affects the Philippines, southern China, Taiwan and Vietnam.
A parabolic path, curved. Recurved storms affect eastern Philippines, eastern China, Taiwan, Korea, Japan and the Russian Far East.
Northern track. From the point of origin, the storm follows a northerly direction, affecting only the small islands.
A few rare storms, like Hurricane John, have been redesigned as typhoons that its way comes from the east/central Pacific and has moved its way into the western Pacific.
All the music was written and composed by Martin O 'Donnell and Michael Salvatori.
All information is taken from the CD credits .
Hyakunin isshu (c. 1235 "Unique Poems de Cent Poètes " ; this collection became the foundation of the modern Japanese New Year game. )
( Anthology of the poems of 1811 of the first 8 imperial anthologies.)
In 2005 Wood played in the videos of Bright Eyes ' " At the Bottom of Everything " and Green Day 's " Wake Me Up When September End " .
Wood played Gabi in the romantic psychological film Charlie Countryman 2013 with Shia LaBeouf and Rupert Grint.
It is presented with Chris Evans in a 2016 announcement for Gucci Guilty Eau perfumes. "
In August 2012, Wood was released as a bisexual via Twitter.
The wood has a black belt in taekwondo.
The episode opens with a flashback by Jackie Tyler telling a younger Rose her father Pete, who died in a hit @-@ and @-@ racing accident on the way to a friend's wedding.
Dates and times are 24 @-@ Moscow time Time . Source:
Dates and hours are 24 @-@ time Coordinated Universal Time .
Dates and hours are 24 @-@ time Coordinated Universal Time. Source:
Achilles was the third member of the naval program of 1861 and was designed as an improved version of the former Warrior class armored frigates @-@ with a complete flotation line armor belt.
In 756 Óengus is found countryside alongside Eadberht of Northumbria . The campaign is reported as follows:
Óengus , king of the Picts , died . From the beginning of his right reign until the end he has perpetrated bloody crimes , like a tyrannical massacrer .
The lists of the King of the Chronicle of Pictish have that he was replaced by his brother Bridei. His son Talorgan was later king, and is the first son of a king of Pictish known to have become king.
with feet, with hands, with broad shields.
All music composed by Sean Callery, unless otherwise indicated.
In The Moving Picture World and The Moving Picture News, Will's character was named Bill, but it's not clear whether it was intentional, a renaming or a mistake.
After divorced from Ike in 1978, Tina for a long time abstained from relationships as she was about to bring her career back on track.
In an August 2011 interview with Buddhist magazine Shambhala Sun, Turner stated that she adheres to the teachings and values of the Buddhist association Soka Gakkai International.
Turner is an inducted Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Turner won eight Grammy Awards.
When Turner became a recipient of the Kennedy Center Honors 2005, his legs were specifically noted by President George W. Bush.
Turner has his own star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame and the St. Louis Walk of Fame.
Furs are animal costumes. Furs can be worn for personal pleasure, work or charity.
Many costumes include special padding or to give the character its desired shape (this is particularly present in larger characters or those of a particular sex).
Furs can be expensive to clean.
Clothing is worn at fur conventions and other events such as anime or play conventions. Clothing can also be worn in public.
He also attended the Writer's Workshop at the University of Iowa in Iowa City, Iowa, obtaining a Master's degree in Fine Arts in 2007. He obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree in English in Princeton.
The Scottish Primrose ( Primula scotica ) is endemic to the north coast, including Caithness and Orkney. It is closely related to the Arctic species Primula stricta and Primula.
Young 's Helleborine () is a rare endemic orchid found mainly on the , created by the coal mining industry @-@ in the central lowlands and classified as endangered.
The St Kilda Dandelion (Taraxacum) is a species of dandelion endemic to the island of Hirta, identified in 2012.
Only thirty @-@ a species of deciduous tree and shrub are native to Scotland, including 10 willows, four white beams, and three species of birch and cherry.
Scottish pines and common juniper are the only ever native conifers of Scotland with Yew a possible candidate.
Plants are strongly present in Gaelic and Scottish folklore, song and poetry.
The name " Grasshopper " was used for light aircraft such as the Aeronca L @-@ 3 and Piper L @-@ 4 used for reconnaissance and other support tasks during the Second World War.
Hata co @-@ wrote two books with Yasuho Izawa on the Japanese hunting ace of the Second World War, both described by historians as the definitive treatment of the subject.
Hata has been married to Kazuko Matsumura since 9 September 1973 and has a daughter. He lives in Meguro in Tokyo, Japan.
With Yasuho Izawa. Japanese naval aces and fighter units during the Second World War. Annapolis: Naval Institute Press, 1989.
Hirohito: The Emperor of Showa in War and Peace. Honolulu: University of Hawaii Press, 2007 .
In mathematics, a Taylor series is a representation of a function as an infinite sum of terms that are calculated from the values of the function derivatives into a single point.
The Maclaurin series for any polynomial is the polynomial itself.
The Maclaurin series was named after Colin Maclaurin, a professor in Edinburgh, who published the special case of the result Taylor in the 18th century.
The partial sums ( Taylor polynomials) of the series can be used as approximations of the entire function . These approximations are good if a sufficient number of terms are included .
The differentiation and integration of power series can be carried out term by term and is therefore particularly easy.
An analytical function is only extended to a holomorphic function on an open disk in the complex plane. This makes the analysis machine complex available.
The ( truncated ) series can be used to calculate function values numerically , (often by remelting the polynomial in the Chebyshev form and evaluating it with the algorithm of .
Approximations using the first words of a Taylor series can make problems otherwise insolvent for a limited domain possible; this approach is often used in physics.
The error in this approximation is no more than: x: 9 / 9! . In particular, for 1 < x < 1 , the error is less than 0 @.@: .
The series to the right is the waiting value of f ( a + X ) , where X is a distributed random variable Fish that takes the value with probability e - t / h ( t / h ) j / j ! .
The law of large numbers implies that identity holds .
Several important extensions of the Maclaurin series follow . All these extensions are valid for complex x arguments .
The Bk numbers appearing in the tanning summation expansions ( x ) and ( x ) are the Bernoulli numbers . The Ek in the dry expansion ( x ) are the Euler numbers .
Since the cosine is an equal function, the coefficients for all odd powers x, x3 , , , , ... must be zero.
Here we use a method called "Indirect Expansion" to extend the given function. This method uses Taylor's known expansion of the exponential function.
where the subtitles indicate the respective partial derivatives .
where <formula> is the <formula> gradient evaluated at <formula> and <formula> is the hessian matrix.
which should be understood as an even more abbreviated multi @-@ index version of the first equation of this paragraph , again in full analogy with the case of a single variable .
The Chariot made its last tour in October/November 2013 with Glass Cloud, .. , Birds in Row and To the Wind.
Josh moved to form the group ' 68.
Here is the list of music videos The Chariot . Among them are official and live videos .
MD 322 is part of the national road network as the main arterial for its entire length.
The whole road is in Easton, Talbot County.
Adapted credits from the Liner Notes of Loud, Def Jam Recordings, SRP Records.
Northern specimens may be small shrubs and may be difficult to distinguish from B. micrantha, which has smaller inflorescences and large flattened follicles.
B. Section . Banksia ( 9 series , 50 species , 9 subspecies , 3 varieties )
B. Sec. Coccinea ( 1 species )
B. Ser. Spicigerae ( 7 species , 2 subspecies , 4 varieties )
B. ser . Tricuspidae ( 1 species )
B. ser . Dryandrideae ( 1 species )
B. sphaerocarpa var. dolichothyla
B. sphaerocarpa var. latifolia
B. sphaerocarpa var. pumilio
B. sphaerocarpa var. sphaerocarpa
B. sphaerocarpa var. cesia
B. leptophylla ( 2 varieties )
B. meisneri ( 2 subspecies )
B. Nutans ( 2 varieties )
B. Subg . Isostylis ( 3 species )
In 2008 George restored B. sphaerocarpa var. latifolia, and published the new variety B. sphaerocarpa var. pumilio.
Banksia sphaerocarpa is a widely distributed Western Australian species with four (or five if one includes var. dolichothyla) varieties:
Sega of America has made several changes to the game to make the North American release more difficult than the Japanese version. These changes have been retained in the PAL version.
Several years later, Cal became a diplomat in Berlin. He met Julie Kikuchi, a Japanese @-@ American woman, and temporarily began a relationship with her.
The whole road is in Salt Lake County.
All songs written and composed by Mark Hall unless otherwise stated.
Credits raised on Lifesong's album liner notes.
Bonds was not elected to the National Baseball Hall of Fame in its first four years of eligibility.
Before the 2016 MLB season, it was announced that Bonds would become the lead coach for the Miami Marlins.
On December 4, 2015 it was announced as the new strike coach for the Miami Marlins.
Among Bonds' many properties is a house he owns in the exclusive closed community of Beverly Park in Beverly Hills, California.
Appointed finalist of the Major League Baseball All @-@ Century Team in 1999, but not elected to the team in the fan vote.
The generic and specific names are drawn from the Latin words " rock " or " cliff " , and cola " resident " , which express its habit of nesting on the rocky walls.
It is expected that the simulation of the @-@ male competition will be important in the formation and rearing of the lek.
The species is rare in captivity , but reproduction has been performed in a small number of facilities . The first successful captive reproduction in the world took place at the World Aquarium in Dallas ( USA ) in 2008 .
The following episodes listed in the graph are classified according to their production order , rather than their original antenna dates .
William Joseph Bateman.
All the songs were written by Stephen Malkmus.
Rapunzel later appeared in the short film Tangled Ever After, which presents his marriage with Eugene.
Rapunzel will also appear in the upcoming TV series.
A free @-@ @-@ play mobile game, Heroes of Dragon Age, was published in 2013.
In 2009, Brown was inducted into the Queensland Sport Hall of Fame.
The scores and results first list Bermuda's goals.
The entire highway is in Hillsdale County.
According to George T., in his history of the region:
Clifford "T.I." Harris – songwriter, presented voices
Since 2004, Living River Siam has used its research methods in other threatened locations across rural Thailand.
The decisive success of the British forces and the subsequent capture of the city of Quebec were part of what was known as the " Annus Mirabilis " in Britain.
The French kept their fire and the two armies waited two or three minutes. The French finally fired two disorganized volleys.
An eyewitness with the 78 Highlanders (Dr. Robert Macpherson ) wrote three days after the battle:
No . Satu ( number one ; 2006 )
He married the novelist Mona Simpson, the biological sister of the founder of Apple Steve Jobs, in 1993. They have two children. Appeal and Simpson have since divorced.
A.U.S.A. ( 2003 ) – creator , executive producer , writer
The modern U.S. Route 50 route between Ely, Nevada and Green River, Utah is the third iteration.
East of Green River I @-@ 70 follows closely the original U.S. road @-@ 50, with a slight recovery by Crescent Junction, Cisco, and Westwater.
A bronze statue in front of the Massachusetts State House in Boston, dedicated in 1922, shows a supposed resemblance of Cole as a young man, and her mother, Anne Hutchinson.
A portion of Susanna's ancestry on his father's side was published by John D. Champlin in 1913, and he published much of his ancestry on his mother's side the following year.
In the early years of the 20th century, several marines from around the world experienced the idea of a new type of combat vessel with uniform weapons of heavy guns.
The inter@ war period saw the warship subjected to strict international limitations to prevent an expensive arms race from breaking out.
Page numbers are shown in parentheses.
I. Parts of Art in Nature ' s Productions ( 17 )
II . Importance of reports ( 39 )
III . From the vivan bodies , and from the part we retain to this word ( 53 )
IV on Animals ( 82 )
V. Status of distribution and classification of animals ( 102 )
VI. Simplification of the organization of one organization of the other
VIII . From the natural order of animals and the necessary arrangement , to their general distribution for the , to the same order of nature ( 269 )
I. Comparison of the bodies with the vivan bodies ,- a parallel between the animals and the-- ( 377 )
II. Life , what it is , and Conditions , has its existence in a body ( 400 )
III . Cause of death ( 1 )
IV . Of the agenda and agenda ( 20 )
V. Du. , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
VI. Generations
VII . Des.. of life in a body ( 91 )
VIII . Common faculties have all vivan bodies ( 113 )
IX . Engineering faculties ( 127 )
I. The system ( 180 )
II . CUSTOMS ( 235 )
III . Physics and , sensations ( 252)
IV . The inner feeling , the , that it is susceptible to , and the power ( 276 )
V. The strength of animal actions ( 302 )
VI . Lay ( 330 )
VII . Origin , origin , and cell of ideas ( 346 )
VIII . Acts of the European Union ( 388 )
Lamarckism was popularized in the English world @-@ speaking by the Speculative Jackets of the Natural History of Creation, published anonymously by Robert Chambers in 1844.
President of the Republic, Niceto Alcalá Zamora entrusted the formation of a cabinet to Alejandro Lerroux, who depended on the support of the CEDA.
The following table shows the percentage of students who received five grades at the GCSE A * – C level , including and excluding English and mathematics in 2007 .
Wellesley Historical Society , Massachusetts – Some of the portraits in their collection of 50 paintings are: Seldon L. Brown
Let him roll for everything he's worth...
Let him ride in the night...
Ashanti as Dorothy Gale: In Kansas teen dreaming of leaving her home and becoming a singer.
Queen Latifah as Aunt Em: Dorothy 's aunt and co @-@ owner of the family dinner in Kansas.
David Alan Grier as Uncle Henry: The Uncle of Dorothy and co @-@ owner of the family dinner.
Jeffrey Tambor as the Wizard of Oz: The legendary Wizard of Oz. This is Tambor's second appearance in a Muppet movie, the first being Muppets of space.
Kelly Osbourne as Dorothy Gale ( post @-@ makeover ) : appears in a short comeo like Dorothy when she comes out for the first time from the Magic Makeover Machine in Emerald City .
Beaker : He appears as a technician from the city of Emerald . Beaker also appears at the end of the Muppets show .
Statler as critic Kalidah #1 . Heckles Dorothy and his friends as they try to cross a log .
Dr. Bunsen Honeydew : He appears as a technician in the city of Emerald . He also appears at the end of the film in the Muppet show .
Waldorf as a critic Kalidah #2. He and the other critic Kalidah heckles Dorothy and his friends as they try to cross a log.
Zoot : It performs backups for the songs " Naptime " , and for the " The Witch is in the House " , and appears at the end of the film in the new show of the Muppets .
Dr. Teeth : He performs " Naptime " and also performs in " The Witch is in the House " . He appears again at the end of the film in the Muppet show.
Johnny: He appears as one of the handmen of the Western witch, and is supposedly his love interest.
Lew Zealand: He briefly appeared in Emerald City at the red carpet event, asking Dorothy to sign his boomerang fish.
The Swedish Chief: He provides Bran Flakes for the Magician.
Bubba the Rat: He helps the Mayor of Munchkin Land get Dorothy and the Lion out of town.
Miss Piggy like herself: She appears early with Kermit, and tries to get rid of Dorothy. She comes back at the end of the film for the Muppet show.
Like The Witch of the West: The Witch of the West who terrifies everything that meets her.
Like The Good Witch of the North: The Good Witch who gives Dorothy to silver slippers.
Like the Glinda the Good Witch of the South: The other Good Witch who shows Dorothy how to get home.
Like The Witch of the East: The original owner of the magic slippers that was killed by Dorothy's falling mobile home.
Animal : It occurs in the songs " Naptime " and " The Witch is at home " .
Sam Eagle : He appears as the Doorkeeper. Sam does not appear in the Muppet show at the end of the film.
Sal Manilla like Sal, a Flying Monkey: He accompanies Johnny for much of the movie.
Clifford : He appears as the manager of the Poppy Field Club .
Mulch: It appears briefly in the .
Angel Marie as a Flying Monkey: A servant of the Western Witch.
Floyd Pepper : It occurs in " Naptime " and " The Witch is at Home " .
Scooter : He appears as the Wizard's assistant.
Janice : She performs in " Naptime " and " The Witch is at Home " .
Sweetums like a flying monkey: It provides the keys to escape the Cowardly Lion from his cage.
Crow: He's disturbing the Scarecrow.
Camilla the Chicken : The Tin Thing's girlfriend . Both are reunited later in the movie .
Foo @-@ Foo : Foo @-@ Foo appears as the pet of the Western Witch.
Additional Muppets performed by Adam Behr, Cassidy, Drew Massey, Gord Robertson, Geoff Redknap, and James Rowley.
Steve Whitmire and Dave Goelz appear as members of the audience at Aunt Em 's Diner during the final.
Z. m. carolinensis from the East ( Linnaeus , 1766 )
The island of Clarion Z. m.
Western India Z. m. macroura ( Linnaeus , 1758 )
Western Z. m. ( Woodhouse, 1852)
Panama Z. m. , Wetmore , 1956
See the link below for: dance and mating.
Like others, the dove in mourning drinks by aspiration, without lifting or tipping its head. It often gathers at the drinking points around dawn and dusk.
The eastern dove of mourning (Z. m. carolinensis ) is the official symbol of the peace of Wisconsin. The bird is also the peace bird of the state of Michigan.
The dove of mourning appears as Caroline's turtle @-@ dove on the plate 286 of Audubon's Birds of America.
In January 1791, Treasury Secretary Alexander Hamilton submitted a report to Congress proposing the creation of a Mint. Hamilton concluded his report:
Some of the galleries in the Mdina ditch were used as air raid shelters during the Second World War.
Sections of the medieval walls of Mdina were rediscovered by Dr. Stephen C. Spiteri and Mario, while surveying the bastions in 2002.
Saint-Pierre Bastion , also known as the Greeks Gate Bastion – built in the 1550s during the judiciary of Juan de Homedes y Coscon
Spoken For was nominated for the pop/contemporary album of the year at the 34th GMA Dove Awards.
Adapted credits from Love, Lust, Faith and Dreams album liner notes.
Faith N. - Executive Producer
Information about the tributes awarded to Illmatic is adapted from Acclaimed Music.
Adapted credits from Hands All Over, A & M / Octone Records Liner Notes.
The whole road was in Somerville, Somerset County.
Allingham credited "cigarettes, whiskey and wild, wild women – and a good sense of humor" for its longevity.
Allingham surpassed George Frederick Ives as the oldest member of the British Armed Forces on November 1, 2007, so he was the most British veteran of the First World War to date.
High Point University leads the Gunther E. Rothenberg Seminar in Military History.
Rothenberg has published hundreds of journal articles, journals, and lectures. This is a partial list.
Rothenberg , Gunther Erich (1979 ) . The Anatomy of the Israeli Army . London : B. T. Batsford . ISBN.
Rothenberg , Gunther Erich ( 2000 ) . Keegan , John , ed . Napoleonic Wars . London : Cassell . ISBN.
Ruth Budd, bassist. Born in Winnipeg, she joined the TSO in 1947, becoming Canada's first professional bass player.
Abe Mannheim, bassist. It was his fourth season with the orchestra. Immigration officials had interrogated him for 4 hours.
John Moskalyk , violinist . He joined the TSO in 1945 .
Mannheim later performed in the Vancouver Symphony Orchestra and the Rochester Philharmonic Orchestra.
Moskalyk joined the Faculty of Music at the University of Toronto and became a faculty member of the Royal Conservatory of Music.
The factors under which the TTAB assesses the likelihood of confusion have been established in the In re E.I. of the Nemours & Co. Bridge, and are commonly referred to as the " Bridge Factors " .
In many cases , only a few of the categories will apply to the facts of the case before the TTAB .
The TTAB briefly describes its territorial analysis in Weiner King, Inc. v. Wiener King Corp.:
The Prison Officers Club has been used for multiple functions; it has been used as a canteen, a kindergarten, a Catholic church, and a recreation centre.
A building that had housed only one Indian guard before the war was transformed into a hospital called Tweed Bay Hospital.
Two houses, originally used as houses for the prison director and the prison doctor, were converted into a Japanese headquarters for the camp.
The cemetery on the ground has become a popular place for quiet relaxation as well as a place for intimate encounters between male and female internees.
Sir C. Grenville Albaster – Attorney General of Hong Kong
In the 2000s, he entered the markets for "lifestyle products" such as amplifiers, loudspeakers and furniture with built @-@ electronics in, as well as wireless products.
Before the event went live on salary @-@ per @-@ view, World Tag Team Champions Lance Cade and Trevor Murdoch defeated Paul London and Brian Kendrick in a dark match.
Miguel Enrique Cubillos N. – producer , songwriter , musical direction , artistic arrangement , vocal direction , choir
Miguel E. Cubillos – producer , songwriter , musical direction , artistic arrangement , vocal direction
Adapted from Goodies at Allmusic.
The following players have been selected to the CBS Sports teams, Associated Press, Sporting News and ESPN presaison All @-@ American and the media All @-@ Big Ten team.
This table summarizes the results of the head @-@ at @-@ head between the teams in the conference game . ( x ) indicates the remaining matches this season .
These are Big Ten rankings, including tie cups and conference tournament matches. Bold indicates the winner of the Big Ten tournament.
Throughout the regular season conference, Big Ten offices have appointed one or two players of the week each Monday.
The Iowa made the first trip from school to the NIT semifinals at Madison Square Garden and marked the second consecutive year of the conference by sending a team to the semifinals.
There were no participants at the Big Ten conference in the CollegeInsider.com Postsaison Tournament .
In addition to Beilein being a coach for the World University Games, the Big Ten was represented at the games by Yogi Ferrell, Will, Aaron White and Adreian Payne.
The streets are named after important contributors to each domain, including Elis Regina and Carlos Gomes Streets, a Brazilian singer and composer, respectively, Alan Turing Avenue and others.
Unicamp is also responsible for two technical lycées , the Campinas Technical High School (COTUCA ) and the Limeira Technical High School (COTIL ) .
Unicamp employs nearly 1 @,@ 800 professors, almost all with at least one PhD. The faculty career is structured into three main levels:
The credits are taken from the album notes.
The doctor's cut hand appears in this episode when Carys uses it as his trading chip to escape.
Credits for 808s & Heartbreak adapted from AllMusic.
On a soft and fair morning mist.
And in the flowers hung the bees.
Because our best man was dead on the green.
And put all Troy in ruin.
In the dirty rag and the bone shop of the heart.
His 1921 poem, "The Second Coming", contains some of the most powerful images of 20th-century literature.
The innocence ceremony is drowned.
Are full of passionate intensity.
A † symbol indicates that the officer was killed during the action or died as a result of the injuries received.
The ships are ordered in the sequence in which they formed for the battle.
French Navy , = Navy of the Kingdom of Italy .
Norman Whiteside (born May 7, 1965) is a former international footballer from Northern Ireland who played in two World Cups.
The scores and the list of results Northern Ireland first achieved its goal .
In 1953, Smyth and John A. Hall were the main advisers to President Dwight Eisenhower in the preparation of his Atoms for Peace speech at the United Nations. The IAEA traces its origins to this speech.
Smyth has a chair in the Department of Physics in his will. Professor of Physics Henry DeWolf Smyth sitting is Suzanne.
During the last three months of fetal development, the sebaceous glands of the fetus produce vernix, a waxy white substance that envelops the skin to protect it from amniotic fluid.
Fordyce's spots, or Fordyce granules, are ectopic sebaceous glands found on the genitals and oral mucosa. They are shown as yellowish @-@ white.
Sebaceous glands are involved in skin problems such as acne and keratosis pilaris. In the pores of the skin, sebum and keratin can create a hyperkeratotic cap called comedo.
Sebaceous adenoma , a slow benign @-@ tumor growing — which can, however, in rare cases, be a precursor of a cancer syndrome known as Muir's syndrome @-@ Torre .
Sebaceous carcinoma, an unusual and aggressive skin tumor.
Specific terms and specialized language are used to describe equine anatomy, different life stages, colours and races.
Colt: A male horse under four years of age. A common terminology error is to call every young horse a "colt", when the term actually refers only to young male horses.
Filly : Female horse under four years of age.
Mare: A female horse four years old and older.
Stallion: A male horse not @-@ castrated four years of age or older. The term "horse" is sometimes commonly used to refer specifically to a stallion.
Yearling: A horse of either sex that is between one and two years old.
Horses are a raw material for many human-made products throughout history, including by-products of horse slaughter as well as materials collected from live horses.
The famous scientist and former president of India, A. P. J. Abdul Kalam, was born in Rameswaram.
At that time, the November issue of National Geographic was already in preparation for printing, but " Archaeoraptor " was never officially published in any peer review @-@.
The Visuddhimagga reflects changes in interpretation that have appeared over the centuries since Buddha's time.
Yet he notes that this postscript does not appear in the original Pali.
The 3rd Division led its first offensive at the Battle of Messines in June 1917. Simpson, for his part, received the Military Cross.
Unsurprisingly, there is no list for Prince of Wales in Lloyd's Register in 1796.
The known active constituent of Salvia divinorum is a trans diterpenoid @-@=" known as salvinorine A (chemical formula). This compound is present in the dried plant at approximately 0 @@ 18%.
Salvinorine A is not an alkaloid (which means it does not contain basic nitrogen), unlike the ligands of the most known opioid receptors. Salvinorine A is the first documented hallucinogen.
The potency of Salvinorine should not be confused with toxicity. Rodents chronically exposed to doses much greater than those to which humans are exposed show no evidence of organ damage.
Modern methods of ingestion include smoking, chewing, or dyeing, as described in the following sections.
When taken as a dye, the effects and duration are similar to other oral ingestion methods, although they may be significantly more intense, depending on the extract power.
There may also be experiments.
A survey of salvia users revealed that 38% of the effects were described as unique compared to other methods of modifying consciousness. 23% said that the effects were such as yoga, meditation or trance.
Salvia's Salvia User Guide recommends having a travel babysitter present to those who are new to salvia, experiment with a stronger form, or use a more effective method of ingestion.
The guide says that while the effects of salvia are generally very different from those of alcohol, such as alcohol, it hinders coordination.
Feelings of calm: 42 @.@ 2%
Strange thoughts: 36 @.@ 4%
Things seem unreal: 32 @.@ 4%
Mental race: 23 @.@ 2%
Feeling: 22 @.@ 2 %
It was suggested that the long-term effects @-@ of using salvia may include feelings already seen.
Salvia Griffith's researcher said that animal test salvia does not seem addictive, so the intensity of the experiment creates a dysphoria that makes people not go back to the medication.
You can give a rat free access to cocaine, give them free access to Salvinorin A, and they stop taking cocaine.
Professor Bryan L. Roth, Director of the Psychoactive Drug Screening Program at the National Institute of Mental Health, said:
We believe that drugs derived from the active ingredient could be useful for a range of diseases: Alzheimer's, depression, schizophrenia, chronic pain and even AIDS or HIV.
The titles of history may also include key words ' danger ' , such as " Dangerous Herb is Legal ... " or " Deadly Hazards Of A Street Legal High " .
The New York Times reported that " in the state after the state [ ... ] YouTube videos have become Exhibit A in legislative efforts to regulate salvia " .
In Massachusetts, YouTube videos were shown by a retired police officer to public health and judicial committees as evidence in support of his ban.
Where individual national legislation exists , it varies from one State to another in its prohibitive degree .
Salvia divinorum was banned by various branches of the American army and some military bases.
Some Internet vendors will not sell live salvia cuttings, leaves or leaf products to states where its use is restricted or prohibited.
According to their drug policy , eBay does not allow the sale of Salvia divinorum or derivatives (in spite of the legality in most areas ) .
Despite its growing reputation in some circles, media reports generally suggest that the general public is still mostly ignorant of salvia, the majority may have never even heard of it.
Although the published responses are not necessarily representative of public opinion as a whole , some news agencies generally support the comments of readers and viewers in relation to their stories .
A model of HMS Daring by the famous marine model manufacturer Norman A. Ough is held by the National Maritime Museum.
Ashdod is Israel's largest port, accounting for 60% of the country's imported goods. The city is also an important regional industrial center.
The city absorbed another blow in 605 BCE, when Nebuchadnezzar conquered it.
At Joshua's conquest of the land, Ashdod was attributed to the tribe of Judah (Book of Joshua 15:46).
According to the Bible, during the 10th century BC Ashdod became, along with the whole kingdom of Philistia, an area of patronage of the Kingdom of Israel under the control of King David.
During the Byzantine period, the port city eclipsed its internal counterpart in size and importance. The map of the 6th @-@ century Madaba shows both under their respective names.
The prominence of Hellenised, then Christian Azotus continued until the 7th century, when he came under Muslim rule.
Ashdod was one of six cities that won the 2012 Education Award from the Israeli Ministry of Education.
Ashdod @-@ Nitzanim Sand Dunes Nature Reserve is a 20 @-@ km stretch of sand dunes ( 12 @-@ mile) on the southern outskirts of Ashdod.
The French high school @-@ Washington, a French international high school, is in Givat Washington, near Ashdod.
The port of Ashdod has its own railway spur line as well as a special terminal for potash brought from the Sodom area and exported abroad.
There is a passenger pier in the port of Ashdod. The traffic to this bridge is constantly growing, especially due to the activities of the cruise ships. The other sea gate is Blue Marina.
Ashdod also has one of Israel ' s largest open theatres, Ashdod, which can accommodate more than 6 @,@ 400 guests. Ashdod hosts the international " Mediterranean " art festival.
The Museum of Philistine Culture in Corinne is the only museum dedicated to this theme worldwide. It reopened in 2014 with a new interactive exhibition.
He took command of his company, with all officers killed or injured, and led him gloriously.
Six months later, Prateek and Sonia returned to London, where the first managed to restore G.One to the real world.
Pre @-@ production began in April 2013 and was filmed later this year, including in Yorkshire and Canada.
The merged bank presents the following figures for 1912 : Total assets : ( million ) Shares : ( million ) Profit : ( million ) .
I ask all of you to help us save lives.
Help the people of Bangla Desh.
This suffering, I can't neglect...
The following musicians were said to have played on the studio recording of " Bangla Desh " .
Then something like a smile passed fleetingly on what had been his face in the past.
The translations of some of his poems by Babette Deutsch and Lyn Coffin are put into music on the album The.
Uneven – compiled but never published.
On the eighth day of his birth Isaac was circumcised, as was necessary for all the men of the house of Abraham, that he might be in accordance with the covenant of the LORD.
Isaac is unique among the patriarchs to remain faithful to his wife, and to have no concubines.
According to local tradition, the tombs of Isaac and Rebekah, as well as the tombs of Abraham and Sarah and Jacob and Leah, are in the Cave of the Patriarchs.
According to Jewish tradition, Isaac instituted the afternoon prayer . This tradition is based on Genesis chapter 24, verse 63 ( "Isaac went to meditate in the field at the event " ).
And We gave him Isaac, and as an additional gift, Jacob, and We made righteous men of every one of them.
And WE have given him the good news of Isaac, a prophet, and one of the righteous.
The first Christian representation of Isaac is found in the Roman catacomb frescoes. Alison Moore Smith, excluding the fragments, ranks these artistic works in three categories:
In early 2009, Carlsen hired former world champion Garry Kasparov as a personal coach. In September their partnership was revealed to the public by Norwegian newspapers.
In May, Carlsen played in the first edition of the Norway Chess tournament. He finished second , scoring 5 1⁄2 / 9 ( + 3 - 1 = 5 ) , half a point behind Sergey Karjakin .
In the Sinquefield Cup, held in September, Carlsen finished first, scoring +3 - 0 = 3, a point ahead of Nakamura.
Carlsen played nine games for Norway at the 41st Chess Olympiad , scoring five wins , two draws , and two defeats (against Arkadij Naiditsch and Ivan Šarić ) .
All links in this section lead to an external site.
Le Prince des Chess , a film about Magnus Carlsen ( 2005 ) , directed by Øyvind.
Magnus ( 2016 ) . Directed by Benjamin Ree .
Saint @-@ Just , Political Theory , led by Alain Liénard , Paris , 1976 .
Works of Saint @-@ Just ,.. of a historical record of his life published by Adolphe, Paris , 1834 .
Complete works by Saint @-@ Just in two volumes edited by Charles, Paris, 1908.
Works, with the introduction of Jean, Paris, 1946.
Complete works , edited by Michèle Duval , Paris , 1984 .
Complete works , under the direction of Anne and Miguel , Paris , 2004 .
The song is composed in the key of E major and is defined in the time signature of the common time with a tempo of 173 beats per minute. The vocal range extends from E3 to B4 .
All songs written and composed by Tom DeLonge, Mark Hoppus and Travis Barker, unless otherwise indicated.
Adapted credits from Blink's line notes @-@ 182 , Geffen Records .
Other roles included Paterson Joseph as Benjamin Maddox, and Linda Marlowe as Ms. Utterson.
The music was composed by Debbie Wiseman . The orchestra presented about 18 plays . Some clues presented Hayley Westenra's voice to predict the importance of a female voice .
Szabó survived hiding in an orphanage, but his father died of diphtheria shortly after the German defeat. The memories of these events would later appear in several of his films.
The book has 14 monochrome photos taken mainly by Newby, and two hands @-@ cards drawn. The novelist Evelyn Waugh wrote a preface that mentions the fantasy of the book and his English.
A Short Walk was first published in 1958 by Secker and Warburg. It has been reprinted several times since.
The book was illustrated by 14 monochrome photographs taken by Newby or Carless; explorer Wilfred Thesiger is depicted in his sleeping bag @-@.
The book contains 20 chapters, all of which were first told by Newby.
Newby describes his frustration with life in the fashion trade or rag trade in London.
Newby's leaving the rag business.
Newby arrives in Istanbul with his wife, Wanda, having crossed Europe.
They walk. They get angry with stomachs and blisters. They find a man "with his skull broken at the pulp"; the head conductor suggests that they leave the place immediately.
Edward Mace George , written in The Guardian , notes that the book "is the comic masterpiece Newby will be recalled by " , although his most beautiful work was Love and War in the Apennines ( 1971 ) .
On November 2, 2013, Humber signed a minor league contract with Oakland Athletics, with an invitation to spring training. Athletics assigned it to the Cats of the PCL Sacramento River.
His essay, "The Ecstasy of Influence: A Plagiarism" (2007), is a passionate defense of plagiarism and a call for a return to a "gift economy" in the arts. He writes,
The essay was included in its 2011 collection, L'Ecstasy d'Influence :, Etc.
Clarke , Jaime (ed . ) . Conversations with Jonathan Lethem . Literary Conversations . University Press of Mississippi , 2012 .
Peacock , James . Jonathan Lethem . Contemporary American and Canadian Writers . Manchester University Press , 2012 .
Credits and personnel adapted from Hard Candy album liner notes.
Gibson Gowland as Dr. John McTeague, dentist
Dr. Erich von, as 'Painless Potter ' , itinerant dentist
Frank Hayes as Charles W. Grannis, owner of the modern dog hospital
Hughie Mack as Mr. Heise, the harness manufacturer
E. ' Tiny ' Jones as Mrs. Heise
J. Aldrich Libbey as Mr.
Reta, as Mrs.
S.S. Simon as Joe
Hugh J. McCauley as a photographer
James Fulton as a prospector
There are also 41 BabyFirst apps for mobile devices. An app available for AT & T U @-@ pay TV viewers allows children to draw on a mobile device and make the drawing appear on the TV screen.
However, after the transfer of his boss to Vienna, Wright visited London again. On 9 April 1656 he passed through Dover, and the visitor register indicates:
In response to the popularity of the comic book, he said, "I can't quite understand that it is that widely known and recognized."
The Apple Internet Suite is named after this cartoon.
The poem, in which the speaker asks rhetorically why he has lost his ability to write poetry, uses nautical references while remaining closely linked to the poetic structure of a sonnet.
Below is a paraphrase, written in contemporary English and prose.
Above a deadly throw, who hit me dead? ( 86 @.@ 6 )
Bound for the prize of all @-@ too @-@ precious you , ( 86 @.@ 2 )
The whole road was in Monroe County.
The Second Sino @-@ Japanese War was to continue for eight years and ended in Japan's defeat in 1945.
The wooden gallows would have one of North America's most beautiful bird songs. American naturalist Henry David Thoreau wrote:
Every time a man hears it, he is young, and Nature is in his spring; wherever he hears it, it is a new world and a free country, and the gates of Heaven are not closed against him.
In January 2011, it was announced that Bell would be Neutrogena's new face.
Patton Oswalt like Remy . Director Brad Bird chose Oswalt after hearing his routine of the comedy @-@ linked.
Lou Romano as Alfredo Linguini, the son of Auguste Gusteau and Renata Linguini.
Janeane Garofalo like Colette, Gusteau's Rôtisseur, inspired by French chef Hélène.
Brian Dennehy like Django, Remy and Emile's father and the rat leader.
Peter O 'Toole like Anton Ego , a restaurant critic . His appearance was modelled after Louis Jouvet .
Peter Sohn like Emile, Remy's older brother.
Will Arnett like Horst, Skinner's sub-German chief.
Julius Callahan as Lalo, Gusteau 's Saucier et.. Callahan also voice François, Skinner 's advertising director.
James Remar like Larousse, Gusteau's guard.
John Ratzenberger as Mustafa, Gusteau's head server.
Teddy Newton like Talon, Skinner's lawyer.
Tony Fucile as Pompidou, Gusteau 's. Fucile also voice Nadar Lessard, a health inspector employed by Skinner.
Jake Steinfeld as Git, a former laboratory rat and member of the Django colony.
Brad Bird like Ambrister Minion, Anton Ego's butler.
Stéphane Roux as a narrator of the kitchen chain.
Thomas Keller as patron who asks "what is new " .
Promotional hardware for Intel credits their platform for a 30 percent performance improvement in rendering software. They used Remy in some of their marketing materials.
Hamm's first acting role was Winnie the Pooh in first year. At 16, he was thrown like Judas in Godspell, and enjoyed the experience, although he did not take the action seriously.
Hamm used his father's memories to represent Draper, a good dressed @-@, influential figure in business and society that hides great internal turbulence and faces changes in the world beyond his control.
Robert Bianco of the United States of America Today was complementary to Hamm, noting that his interpretation of Draper was a "=" performance ". The Boston Globe Matthew Gilbert called Hamm a "glossy advance".
Hamm identifies himself as a democrat.
During his Second World War service, Yancey received two battle stars.
Geneforge is the first video game in the Geneforge series of role @-@ playing video games created by Spiderweb Software.
Copper sharks rarely attack humans, but the species is sixth in the number of unprovoked attacks against humans.
In August 2014, Warren Lapine, former editor-in-chief of the Absolute Magnitude, Fantasy Kingdoms, and Weird Tales, revived the fantastic logo of fantasy stories of imagination as free webzine.
The list below gives the person who was acting as a publisher. In some cases, as at the beginning of Cele Goldsmith 's sint, the official publisher was not the same person; the details are given above.
The title has changed several times, and has often been given inconsistently between the cover, spine, indicia, and mast head.
The following table shows the number of the editor .
The following table lists the main junctions along Highway 72 , as noted by the Ontario Ministry of Transportation . The entire route is located in the Kenora District .
In 2015 the Czech Party of Free Citizens proclaimed the Liberland micronation on what it said is the land left unclaimed by Croatia and Serbia.
Following the race, Cambridge's P.D. Rickett was hit by the flu for a week and was unable to train.
Billali – an elder of one of the Amahagger tribes.
Ustane – a young girl from Amahagger. She becomes romantically attached to Leo, taking care of him when he is injured, acting as his protector, and defying She to stay with him.
An interesting and obscure reference to Elle appears in Lieut. George Witton's 1907 Book,.. of the Empire; The True Story of the...
In 2001, another adaptation was launched directly @-@ at @-@ video with Ian Duncan like Leo Vincey , winter like Ayesha and Marie Bäumer like Roxane .
His favorite chorus to the opponents was, "I hope you don't like it."
Bomar also played baseball and basketball in Vanderbilt, and was a front in the basketball team. He attracted large crowds to basketball games because of his football prowess.
Sitting Bull ( 1954 ) , with J. Carrol Naish in the title role , Iron Eyes Cody as Crazy Horse ; with Dale Robertson and William Tannen .
Legoland Billund, the first Legoland park, contains a Lego sculpture by Sitting Bull, the largest sculpture in the park.
Sitting Bull is presented as the leader of Amerindian civilization in the computer game Civilization IV.
Sitting Bull is lioned as one of the 13 great Americans in President Barack Obama's children's book, De Thee I Sing: A letter to my daughters.
Two Sperry technicians who were dispatched to repair the radar on the ship were crossing the gangplank at the time of the explosion and were killed. Their names are David Strout and Don Wampler.
MSU has more than 200 university programs offered by 17 @-@ grade @-@ granting colleges .
Michigan State University College of Nursing Scholarships and Doctoral Degrees.
MSU offers a 30-credit graduate program for Masters in Educational Technology in 3 different formats; completely online, hybrid in East Lansing, Michigan, or overseas.
On the American Football League 's All @-@ Time Team are tight @-@ fin Fred and George security.
NCAA Gymnastics Champion and former performer of Muppet of Sesame Street Toby Towson is a graduate of MSU.
He became widely known for his frank conferences against war profit, American military adventurism, and what he regarded as the nascent fascism in the United States.
Butler was featured in the 2003 Canadian documentary film The Corporation .
In his book Mes premiers jours à la Maison Blanche, Senator Huey Long of Louisiana stated that, if elected to the presidency, he would appoint Butler as his war secretary.
Her childhood home in West Chester, The Butler House, was listed on the National Historic Sites Register in 1980.
Butler , Smedley ; Burks , Arthur J. ( 1927 ) . Walter Garvin in Mexico . Philadelphia : Dorrance . OCLC.
The investigation also revealed that there was no technical malfunction on the aircraft prior to touching it.
The flight crew was criticized for not keeping a sterile cockpit during the landing, with an excessive non-flight-related discussion continuing throughout the flight.
Exceptionally for an investigation into an aircraft accident , the Investigation Committee was not informed of the identity of the aircraft flight crew .
In an interview with , Jesse Leach announced that the group will begin to showcase new materials " in the coming months " .
Killswitch Engage took part in a summer tour in July 2015, opening for Rise Against with the support of Letlive.
All songs written and composed by Tomahawk ( Mike Patton , Duane Denison , Kevin Rutmanis and John Stanier ) .
Together, the first three films were nominated for a total of 11 Oscars, of which only one was won.
Together, the four films were nominated for a total of 2 Golden Globe Awards, none of which were won.
Together, the first three films were nominated for a total of 13 MTV Movie Awards, of which 4 were won.
Together, the four films were nominated for a total of 25 Teen Choice Awards, 16 of which were won.
Much of the understanding of plasma comes from the continuation of controlled nuclear fusion and fusion power, for which plasma physics provides the scientific basis.
Dust and small grains inside a plasma will also capture a net negative charge , so that they can in turn act as a very heavy negative component of the plasma (see dusty plasmas ) .
One of the metastable states of a highly non-ideal plasma is Rydberg's material, which forms during condensation of excited atoms.
wave-heated plasma: similar to CCP and ICP in that it is typically RF (or microwave ) . Examples: electronic cyclotron discharge and resonance ( ECR ) .
Corona discharge: it is a non @-@ thermal discharge generated by the application of high voltage to tipped electrodes. It is commonly used in ozone generators and particle precipitators.
The entire highway is in Grand Traverse County.
In 1973 Lennon contributed a linden called "Why Make Sad to Be Gay?" to Len Richmond's The Gay Liberation Book.
In December 2013, the International Astronomical Union named one of the craters on Mercury according to Lennon.
He was the subject of This Is Your Life in 1956 when he was surprised by Eamonn Andrews at BBC Television Theatre.
a ^ These three games were played before the suspension of competitive football due to the outbreak of the Second World War and are not included in the total.
b. ^ National and international statistics listed in Matthew's autobiography:
This speech presented the powerful weapon of social ostracism of the League of Lands, which was used for the first time against Charles Boycott.
I said, "I'm disturbed by a word. "
Neighbors have been sold to more than 60 countries around the world and is one of Australia's most successful media exports.
The mod was named for the "Online Innovation" category at the 2012 Game Developers Conference Online Awards.
PC Gamer awarded DayZ the 2012 " Mod of the Year " prize, which he calls " one of the worst games @-@ forgiving and most intimidating of the year " .
The Good Game awarded DayZ the "Tranquil Finisher" prize for 2012 .
As Robin integrates into Wisteria Lane, she gradually begins to affect the lives of many of her new neighbours.
Golfer Pro Lexi Thompson, the youngest winner of a 16-year-old LGPA tournament, was born in Coral Springs.
Coral Springs is a sister town in Paraíso, Costa Rica.
Adapted details of the line notes of the promotional CD " Young Blood " single.
In 2015, U.S. News & World Report ranked the UNC Chapel Hill 5th among the best public colleges and universities in the United States.
The song culminated in numbers 14 and 4 on the American Billboard Hot 100 and Hot R & B / Hip @-@ Hop Songs charts, respectively.
Credits are taken from line notes on the pink Friday .
Similar to the 200 series, but mixed passengers and freight.
Belfast @-@ built production, 10 ordered by BOAC but cancelled in favor of 305; seven were started at this standard with two delivered to Aeronaves de Mexico.
Two former orders from Transcontinental SA of Argentina in 104 @-@ passenger configuration.
An old 305 ( leased to Ghana Airways ) .
A prototype originally known as 300LR.
Production aircraft for BOAC, 18 built.
Production aircraft for El Al, four built.
Production aircraft for Canadian Pacific Airlines, six built.
Production aircraft for hunting @-@ Clan Air transport in 124 configuration of passenger troops, two built.
Variant for the North American market , order for Trans World Airlines not concluded , two built were completed as series , .
El Al - An El Al Bristol Britannia was used by Israel to steal Adolf Eichmann from Argentina after his abduction in 1960.
The front fuselage is with the Bristol Aero collection This is the second aircraft prototype, destroyed in the crash of the Severn estuary.
Presented at the Royal Air Force Museum, RAF Cosford, England, in the colours of the Royal Air Force Air Support Command under the name """.
Exhibition at the Imperial War Museum in Duxford, England, in the colors of Monarch Airlines.
Britannia C.1 (-) Regulus
On the exhibition at Kemble Airfield, England, in RAF colors.
Cockpit preserved in Burnham on the sea, Somerset, England.
Data from Britannia ... Last of the Bristol Line
The last remaining Twin Otter from Air Greenland was sold in 2011 to the Icelandic company in exchange for cash and a fourth stake @-@.
Air Greenland also operates charter flights in Europe on behalf of European travel agencies using its Airbus A330.
The agreement allows again to combine a trip, into a single ticket.
Murali Kartik made a lot of announcements for PETA India, including the 'Save Your Chicks' campaign, which aimed at raising awareness against poultry meat rearing.
Critics have noticed some musical changes in the new work, but some of them have suspended their judgment, waiting for a full album to express their opinions on the new course of After Forever.
The album was sold enough in Benelux to stay in the top 100 of Dutch albums for eleven weeks and in the top 50 of Belgian albums for two.
All the music of After Forever, except " Childen in Minor" by Sander Gommans and "Eccentric" by Lando van Gils and Floor Jansen. All the lyrics of Jansen.
The photos depict the flag at Forbes Field at half the staff on the opening day. This came to honor the recently deceased presidents of the Philadelphia Phillies and the Boston doves.
Although Forbes Field has gained a reputation as a "@-@ friendly launcher", there has never been a @-@ unlaunched striker in the more than 4 @,@ 700 games at the stadium.
The field itself consisted of natural grass grown in Crestline, Ohio.
In 1909, the opening season of Forbes Field, the Pirates defeated the Detroit Tigers in the World Series. This would be the only meeting of Hall of Famers Honus Wagner and Ty Cobb.
On October 2, 1920, Forbes Field hosted the last triple header @-@ in the history of the MLB.
Most of the @-@ action scenes from the 1951 movie Angels in the Outfield were filmed at the stadium.
The Pittsburgh University baseball team would also often use Forbes Field for home games.
Forbes Field in the early 1910s of the Library of Congress, intended to form a panorama.
As of 4 January 2012 .
Fellow of the Royal Geographical Society and Explorers Club, Fossett set more than a hundred records in five different sports, of which sixty were still standing at the time of his death.
Fossett was born in Jackson, Tennessee and grew up in Garden Grove, California, where he graduated from Garden Grove High School.
Fossett became well known in the UK for his friendship with billionaire Richard Branson, whose Virgin Group sponsored some of Fossett's adventures.
At the time of his death, a submarine, , Challenger, was under construction to allow him to be the first solo submarine to reach the Challenger Deep.
On September 12, survival specialists speculated that Fossett was likely to be dead.
The day of St. Patrick 2014 , a high-power electric vehicle charging station Tesla , commonly known as a supercharger , was opened on site.
The song was remixed with parts of songs such as "Privacy" (of the Invincible album) and "Tabloid Junkie", and released on the Immortal album, in November, 2011 .
In 2009, Billboard described the region as " now a model of social development " and stated that Jackson ' s influence was partly responsible for this improvement.
The vocal intro, "Michael, Michael, , , , , , , was recorded by Angélica Vieira, producer of Manhattan Connection.
In 2012, Italian trumpeter Enrico Rava released a version of his Rava tribute album on Dance Floor.
In 2014, 2Cellos released a cover of the song on their album.
Benzodiazepines are usually administered orally; however, very occasionally lorazepam or diazepam may be administered intravenously for the treatment of panic attacks.
Antipsychotics are usually a first treatment @-@ line for delirium; however, when delirium is caused by alcohol or sedative hypnotic withdrawal, benzodiazepines are a first treatment @-@ line.
There is evidence that low doses of benzodiazepines reduce the adverse effects of electroconvulsive therapy.
In the United States , the Food and Drug Administration classified benzodiazepines as Class D or X benzodiazepines , meaning that there is a potential risk of harm to the fetus .
clorazepate, diazepam, flurazepam, , , , and others.
In Canada, possession of benzodiazepines is legal for personal use. All benzodiazepines are classified as Schedule IV substances under the Controlled Drugs and Substances Act.
Internationally, benzodiazepines are classified as controlled drugs in annex IV, with the exception of flunitrazepam, which is a drug in annex III under the Convention on Psychotropic Substances.
At the end of the season, Walker appointed Frank as vice-president of the United States, making Claire the second lady of the United States.
Season 4 performance won a Primetime Emmy Award nomination for outstanding lead of the drama series at the 68th Primetime Emmy Awards.
The parties are mainly non @-@ states, including a form of multinational grouping against certain non @-@ parties states.
The Utility of Force was released in November 2005 by Allen Lane, a Penguin Books print.
In addition to these 30 songs, Universal Studios Florida also provided additional "hidden" songs that are available for runners, but are not included in the queue video.
Epigenetic changes — such as alteration of DNA methylation, alteration of histone tail or regulation of microRNAs — can lead to inactivation of tumour suppressor genes.
The three main subtypes of NSCLC are adenocarcinoma, squamous carcinoma @-@ cellular and large carcinoma @-@ cellular.
The timing of lung cancer is an assessment of the extent to which cancer is spread from its original source. It is one of the factors affecting the prognosis and potential treatment of lung cancer.
Smoking prevention and cessation are effective ways to prevent the development of lung cancer.
For potentially curable cases of SCLC, chest radiotherapy is often recommended in addition to chemotherapy.
For patients with NSCLC and SCLC , smaller doses of radiation in the chest may be used for symptom control ( palliative radiotherapy ) .
In 2011, Mouton was appointed Knight of the Legion of Honour by French President Nicolas Sarkozy.
Adult birds do not moult their feathers each year and feathers are replaced once every two or three years.
The species has been extirpated in Malaysia, the Philippines and Thailand. Reintroduction programs in Thailand have used birds from Cambodia.
The Indian state of Uttar Pradesh uses the sarus crane as an official bird symbol. An Indian 14 @-@ seat propeller, on the , is named after this crane.
There are five main options for the creation of a United Nations Parliamentary Assembly , according to various assessments .
UNPA supporters frequently oppose it by stressing that most of the world's countries are democratic.
Stamper did not learn to read or write traditional music notation, creating his own digital notation.
Stamper's caricature was on the wall at Sardi's restaurant.
Stamper and Buck 's song The Shakespearian Rag appears in T. S. Eliot 's The Waste Land:
Ring Lardner and George S. Kaufman mentioned Stamper in their June Moon play:
Lucille: Yes! Paul: He said it was another Paprika. Wait until you hear him play. Dave Stamper says it's a safe fire.
This architecture would have used a Titan II to launch the Gemini spacecraft, with a Saturn IB launching the upper floors.
A number of other applications have been considered for the Gemini spacecraft.
At the end of the episode, Hank finally showed up but was upset because everyone except the cleaning staff left.
Adapted credits from the Liner Notes of Loud, Def Jam Recordings, SRP Records.
Mel & Mus appears on Wall Street Ent.
Kuk Harrell appears on behalf of Suga. Music, Inc.
Laich's game improved considerably in Toronto, recording numbers identical to what he scored in Washington while playing in a third of the games.
Booker T. Jones - keyboards , organ , piano
Al Jackson, Jr. - drums
In addition to this, Gulf will offer franchises to the owners of existing filling stations to convert them to Gulf Trademark.
The press release also stated that " MSN is also in discussions with toilet paper manufacturers to produce special web paper for those in need of URL inspiration " .
Roy G. Biv String Vibe - strings
J. R. McNeely - registration
Maria Ursula, her parents, and the two children died in September 1833 of cholera.
A number of films portrayed the events of the battle of the Alamo, and Bowie appeared as a character in each.
Bowie County in northeastern Texas, and Bowie City in Montague County, Texas, both were named in honour of James Bowie.
Mix - Jaycen @-@ Joshua Fowler and Dave Pensado, assisted by Giancarlo Lino.
Since May 2013 RIAA certifications for digital singles include audio and/or video streams of songs on @-@ in addition to downloads.
Her Majesty hopes that the relocation to the Royal Northolt Air Force will continue to progress, and wishes all Uxbridge personnel their best wishes for the future.
Since the closure, the site has been widely used to film. More recently, scenes for the television drama Endeavour, set up in the 1960s, have been filmed there.
A request for additional planning for the construction of office buildings was submitted by St. Modwen in June 2015.
Rodman R. Bundy; Member of the Bar Association of the State of New York; Frere-Eversheds, Paris ( Lawyer and lawyer);
S. Jayakumar , Deputy Prime Minister ; Co @-@ Minister of National Security and Minister of Law ; Professor of Law at the National University of Singapore ( Lawyer and lawyer ) .
James Crawford , S.C. , , Whewell Professor of International Law , University of Cambridge ; Member of the Institute of International Law ( Lawyer ) ;
Marcelo G. Kohen , Professor of International Law , Graduate Institute of International Studies , Geneva ; associate member of the Institute of International Law ( Council ) ; and
Penelope Nevill, college master, Downing College, Cambridge.
He had exercised exclusive control over the use of the island and visits to the island, including by requiring Malaysian officials who wished to visit the island for scientific studies to obtain permits.
In its rebuttal of 24 November, Malaysia stated that the difference between the photographs was "all a matter of perspective " and that the issue was not worth considering.
Malaysia did not mention the issue further in its rebuttal of 24 November .
In view of the above , the Court held that in 1980 the sovereignty over Pedra Branca had passed from Malaysia to Singapore .
The episode was included in Reawakened: A Once Upon a Time Tale – a novelty of the first season – which was published by Hyperion Books in 2013.
The song of The Black Keys "Howlin ' for You" is presented in Emma's introduction scene.
By all accounts, Paul Butterfield was absorbed into his music.
After his death in 1987, his former record companies released a number of live albums and compilations. Unless otherwise stated, the following albums are listed as "The Paul Butterfield Blues Band".
Blues at Midnight , Jimi Hendrix , B.B. King , and others ( 1968 registered jam bootleg )
B.B. King & Friends (released with various titles and dates) ,. King , Eric Clapton , Stevie Ray Vaughan , and others ( special television bootleg video filmed 1987 )
The painter Walter Sickert – a Whistler student – later described the painting in non-flatter terms. In December 1908, five years after Whistler's death, he wrote in the Fortnight Review:
Published by Windswept Pacific Music Ltd. / PolyGram Music Publishing Ltd.
Prior to the Crimes Act, Congress had passed very few federal crimes. Among the previous criminal laws of Congress were:
The prohibition on enumerators not to report their findings.
Some members of the House, including Theodore Sedgwick of Massachusetts, spoke against the imposition of the death penalty for counterfeiting, considering it too harsh.
Article 31 removed the clergy ' advantage for capital crimes and article 33 designated the means of execution as " hanging ... from the neck to the death " .
Article 27 provides for a limited exception for private debts incurred by ambassadors before the adoption of the law .
Article 4 has been codified in the revised Statutes .
Article 5 has been codified in the revised Statutes .
Article 6 has been codified in the revised Statutes .
Article 9 has been codified in the revised Statutes .
Article 10 has been codified in the revised Statutes .
Article 11 has been codified in two sections of the Revised Statutes .
Article 13 has been codified in the revised Statutes .
Article 19 has been codified into three sections of the revised Statutes .
Article 21 has been codified in two sections of the Revised Statutes .
Article 23 has been codified in the revised Statutes .
Article 24 has been codified in the revised Statutes .
Articles 25 to 29 have not been codified under Title LXX of the Revised Statutes .
Article 31 has been codified in the revised Statutes .
Article 33 has been codified in the revised Statutes .
Similarly, the Supreme Court and individual judges cited the authorization given by the Death Penalty Crimes Act as evidence that the founders believed it to be constitutional.
The Modern Cook is the first record published in England for filling wafer cones, which Francatelli called, with ice cream. He used them to garnish his iced puddings.
There is a unique bill for a " 300-person dinner ball", and one for a "public dinner" for the same number.
c. 1855, T.B. Peterson and Brothers, Philadelphia.
The food history site notes that Francatelli provides two recipes for mink meat, one with roast beef, the other with lemons but no meat.
Nick Baines writes that Francatelli included "a whole collection of sumptuous pies" in the book.
Petoskey was a three @-@ sports player for the Wolverines Michigan. While enrolled in Michigan, he won eight letters of varsity — three in football, three in baseball and two in basketball.
In Strophe 38 of the poem Helgakviða Hundingsbana II, hero Helgi Hundingsbane dies and goes to Valhalla. In Strophe 38, the glory of Helgi is described:
and whose horns shine against the sky itself.
Valhalla is referenced in the books Prose Edda Gylfaginning and Skáldskaparmál .
so happy is my heart.
Several places have been named after Valhalla . These include:
The Tresco Gardens Valhalla Abbey Museum built by August Smith around 1830 to house shipheads of shipwrecks that occurred on the Isles of Scilly, England, where the museum is located.
A crater, Valhalla, located on Jupiter Callisto's moon planet, is named after the lobby.
Mt. Valhalla in-@ Nicolet National Forest, Bayfield County, Wisconsin
Note 83 in Metacritic's aggregate, the game was criticized for "graphic slides", the aging nature of the port, and being essentially identical to the PlayStation version.
Metal Gear Solid has been a commercial success, shipping more than six million copies worldwide. It has become one of the most rented games and advanced sales cards in the UK.
The whole road is in Sussex County.
Adapted credits from AllMusic .
In 1916, Gordon @-@ Cumming ensured that Labour Party politician Ramsay MacDonald had his membership of the Moray Golf Club cancelled because of his opposition to the First World War.
Two of Gordon's granddaughters @-@ Cumming, Katie Fforde and Jane Gordon @-@ Cumming, became writers.
Apart from this incident and another in 1800, Arniston's first eight trips were without incident.
Arniston was to transport nine pieces of land, as well as one artillery company and three infantry (a total of 393 men) to Elphinstone.
This trip included a passage through the Strait of Bass to improve an anterior nautical map of the road.
During this voyage Arniston sailed under a letter of mark in the name of Captain Walter Campbell. His itinerary was:
The British government then chartered Arniston as a transport of troops to Cape Town and India.
Among the victims were Captain George Simpson, Lieutenant Brice, Lord and Lady Molesworth.
In 2013 Miyano made his first appearance in the NHK 's music variety show Music Japan.
Miyano married at the end of 2008 . He and his wife have a son together .
Moncton was one of six Canadian cities chosen to host the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup.
Current Member of Parliament for Moncton — Riverview — Dieppe is Ginette Petitpas Taylor (Liberal) , beginning with the 2015 federal election.
Four universities have campuses in the Greater Moncton area.
Moncton is home to two campuses of the New Brunswick Community College system.
The College of New Brunswick - Dieppe offers similar training for the trades and technology sectors.
Moncton has six private vocational schools that offer practical training in various fields.
Atlantic Business College offers a variety of business, paramedical and paralegal programs.
McKenzie College is a visual arts institution specializing in graphic design, digital media and animation.
There are 16 radio stations broadcast in the city covering a variety of genres and interests, all on the FM dial. Ten of these stations are English and six are French.
The Moncton metropolitan area is served by the City of Moncton. It operates 40 buses on 19 routes across Moncton, Dieppe and Riverview.
There are two major regional referral and teaching hospitals in Moncton.
Maclean's magazine said Moncton has the best health care facilities in one of Canada's smallest regional cities.
All the texts written by Paulo Fernandes , all the music composed by Paulo Fernandes , Paulo Garim , Tó @-@ Zé , Gustavo Silva , Daniel Santos .
Martin common house ( Delichon urbicum ) originally described as Hirundo urbica by Linnaeus in 1758.
House Asian martin ( Delichon dasypus ) described as Chelidon dasypus by Bonaparte in 1850.
House of Nepal (Delichon nipalense ) described by Moore in 1854.
Unas had at least five daughters named Hemi, , , , , , , , and , , . The status of another possible girl, Iput, is uncertain.
All were published by Hodder & Stoughton.
The ANACP awarded the Spingarn Medal to Du Bois in 1920.
Du Bois received Lenin's International Peace Prize from the USSR in 1959.
The location of the house where Du Bois grew up in Great Barrington, Massachusetts, was designated a national historic site in 1976.
In 1994 the main library of the University of Massachusetts Amherst was named after Du Bois.
The University of Northern Arizona's Du Bois Centre is named in his honour.
A dormitory was named after Du Bois at the University of Pennsylvania, where he conducted field research for his sociological study " The Philadelphia Negro " .
A dormitory is named after Du Bois at Hampton University.
Africana: The Encyclopedia of African and African @-@ American Experience was inspired and dedicated to Du Bois by its editors Kwame Anthony and Henry Louis Gates, Jr.
Humboldt University in Berlin hosts a series of lectures named in honour of Du Bois.
In 2005 Du Bois was honoured with a medallion in The Extra Mile, the Washington DC Memorial to important American volunteers.
The liturgical calendar of the Episcopal Church remembers every year of the Wood on August 3.
Du Bois was appointed Honorary Emeritus Professor at the University of Pennsylvania in 2012.
In 1939, he published pamphlets as president of the American Peace Federation which argued that Americans should be sterilized so that their children would no longer have to fight in foreign wars.
He attended South Side High School in Newark, New Jersey and graduated about 1928.
Kaufman went to the Sahara desert and wrote, "You look at the horizon all day and you feel like you're looking at eternity." He met Clare Sheridan.
He died in April 1986 in East Orange, New Jersey.
All songs written and composed by Ry Cooder.
Credits are adapted from the album notes.
The episode was nominated for an Emmy Award for an exceptional animation program (for programming of less than an hour), but lost to the episode of The Simpsons "Behind the Raughter".
Japan's first victories in the Sino @-@ Japanese War again led the Hinomaru used for celebrations. It was seen in the hands of all Japanese during the parades.
For the Japanese, the Hinomaru was the "Rising Sun flag that would illuminate the darkness of the whole world. "
Dobler, Bruce . The last northbound rush . Boston ; Little , Brown and Co . , 1976 .
Fineberg , Richard A. A Pipeline in Peril: A Status Report on the Trans @-@ Alaska Pipeline . Ester , Alaska ; Alaska Forum for Environmental Responsibility , 1996 .
Hanrahan, John and Peter. Lost Frontier: Marketing Alaska. New York; W.W. Norton, 1977.
Community survey of retail banks . Fairbanks ; Institute for Social and Economic Research , 1976 .
McPhee, John. Entry into the country. New York: Farrar, Straus and Giroux, 1976.
Romer , John and Elizabeth . The Seven Wonders of the World : A History of Modern Imagination . New York ; Henry Holt and Co . , 1995 .
Armstrong, John. Pipeline Alaska. Pelican Films, 1977.
Hesychius ( ed. Schmidt , I , p. 516 @.@ 80 )
George Sphrantzes 1 @.@ 33
Xue has often exchanged poems and paintings with his clientele, receiving their own works in exchange.
5th Avenue Theatre continues to thrive with the help of many generous donors and volunteers.
We became a highly sought-after partner @-@ after the development of Broadway musicals.
The 2008 show took place at Miami Beach, Florida. Usher was appeared on the show as it opened. Unlike other shows, the track was designed in parallel with the audience seats.
Heidi Klum and Adriana Lima have worn the Fantasy bra in three different years. Gisele Bündchen, Tyra Banks, Karolina, and Alessandra Ambrosio have each worn two Fantasy bras.
When we were honorably released from the U.S. Army, we were hailed as heroes and saviors of our country. We returned to duty on the Boston police.
Now, although a few months have passed, we are denounced as deserters, traitors to our city and violators of our oath of office.
None of us have ever dishonored the flag or its service. It is bitter to go home and be called deserters and traitors. We are the same men who were on the French front.
Some of us fought in the Spanish War of 1898. Aren't you going to tell the people of Massachusetts in which war you served?
The Boston Police Patrolman 's Association was established in 1965 following the adoption of a state law allowing state and municipal workers to organize themselves in the interests of collective bargaining.
The Dropkick Murphys album Rock Against Bush Volume 2 includes the song "We Get the Power" on the Boston police strike.
Dennis Lehane's novel The Given Day was partly put on during the Boston police strike.
Number 7 of Alan Moore Providence's comics series is placed on the bottom of the Boston police strike.
Demands that listeners implicitly or explicitly threaten blame or punishment if they do not comply.
Make comparisons between people.
A premise of merit, that some actions deserve a reward while others deserve a punishment.
Needs: Universal human needs, distinct from specific strategies to meet needs. It is proposed that " Everything we do is at the service of our needs."
Some recent research seems to validate the existence of universal human needs.
Rosenberg further claims that he developed the NVC as a means of " becoming aware " of what he calls " Beloved Divine Energy " .
Chapman Flack sees an overlap between what Rosenberg advocates and critical thinking, in particular the formulation of Bertrand Russell uniting kindness and clear thinking.
The difficulty of using NVC and the dangers of abuse are common concerns. The four-step NVC model is considered problematic for a number of reasons:
Oboth suggests that people could hide their feelings in the process of empathy, subvert the non-violence of communication.
A number of researchers noted the massive investment of time and effort in learning how to use NVC.
Sven Hartenstein created a series of NVC spoofing cartoons.
The CNVC certifies trainers who wish to teach the NVC in a manner consistent with the understanding of the CNVC process. The CNVC also offers training by certified trainers.
Atlee , T. "Thought about non-violent communication and social change . " Co @-@ intelligence Institute .
Simons , G. ( 2003 ) " Review of non-violent communication "" Europa Newsletter , November .
Anders, Bryant M. Harding ( Richard Harding in Fretz magazine)
Gladys Fairbanks as Mrs Bowers
We think the movie's lost.
The tempers exploded when the I Corps headquarters was ordered to evacuate to Egypt. Blamey's help recalled:
For its part in the campaign in Greece, Rowell was mentioned in despatches a second time.
Rowell took it very badly. He wrote to Major General Cyril Clowes in Milne Bay:
He accused me of failing to safeguard his interests and felt that he was made to eat dirt. My persuasion could not make him see things realistically.
On the second night, I asked General Burston as an old friend of Rowell's to try to instill a good state of mind, but Burston met unsuccessfully.
Instead of exposing all the information here for me, I have to look for the details and feel a certain atmosphere of obstruction.
If Herring did not approve, Mackay's second choice but Herring's much younger, this important in this climate.
In March 2016 the publishers of Polygon and SB Nation launched a new Vox Media company, The Rift Herald, which covers Ligue des Légendes esports.
The passengers then disembark the train, descend a ramp through the front of the Hogwarts Express and follow a trail leading to the Hogsmeade.
See the 509th group of operations for group history and lineage.
a training mission on July 29 at Iwo Jima during which a small inert boy was unloaded and then reloaded to repeat the emergency plan for the use of a back @-@ up bomber in case of an emergency.
In the Mariana Islands, three ships under the command of Rear Admiral J. S., Jr. sank; however, the crew had been evacuated before the storm arrived.
Because of the severity of the typhoon damage in Guam, the name Karen was removed and replaced by Kim.
This system developed across the tropical Atlantic Ocean on August 18, moving west through the Wind Islands in the Eastern Caribbean Sea before dissipating on August 21.
Floyd turned northeast, and passed just southeast of Bermuda as a weakened hurricane. Like a tropical storm, Floyd moved east across the Atlantic until he lost his identity on September 12.
No damage is associated with Floyd. Although Bermuda was directly affected, the island experienced the lower half of the storm.
The storm weakened and became extratropical in early October. The remaining extratropical storm moved over France on October 3.
Hurricane Katrina reportedly killed two people and caused extensive damage in Camagüey province in Cuba. Katrina was the only storm named responsible for death in 1981.
Hanigan currently resides in Lexington, Kentucky, where he also nests horses. His Australian shepherd has won a Best in Breed award at the Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show 2014.
The name has not been removed , although due to low activity in the central Pacific Ocean , the name will not be used for several years .
The Crime Writers ' Association court @-@ has listed The Liquidator, The Dancing Dodo, The Nostradamus Traitor, and Le Jardin des Armes for their annual Gold Dagger Award.
Gardner died on Friday, August 3, 2007, of suspected heart failure. He collapsed during his purchases in Basingstoke and was then rushed to the hospital, where he died.
The Airline Pirates ( 1970 ) - published in the United States as Air Apparent
Two news from Boysie Oakes appear in The Assassination File ( A Handful of Rice, Corkswick).
Two news from Boysie Oakes appeared in Hideaway (Boysie Oakes and The Explosive Device, Sunset At).
A complete state of death ( 1969) - republished in the United States as "The Stone Killer"
Herbie Kruger also appears in Secret Houses and Secret Families.
No business , Mr Bond ( 1987 )
Cold ( 1996 ) – published in the United States under the title Cold Fall
Golgotha ( 1980 ) - published in the United States under the title The Last Trump
Hideaway ( 1968 ) ( Contains two stories Boysie Oakes . )
The Assassination File ( 1974 ) ( Contains two stories of Boysie Oakes . )
All songs are traditional compositions, except where noted, and have been arranged by Archie Shepp.
Credits are adapted from the album notes.
Credits adapted from the Liner Notes of The Sweet Escape .
Welsh food can be better traced if the history of its food than by the dishes themselves.
He recently moved and lives in Palm Coast Florida, where he was an exceptional and intimidating hitter in the Flagler ( County) Senior Softball League.
Grand Sovereign Master of the Order of the Royal Falcon ( 1828 ) .
Lotus became known as Caterham, reflecting the purchase of the main team Tony Fernandes of Caterham Cars.
Renault changed its manufacturer name to Lotus after Lotus Cars expanded its title sponsorship program to include Formula 1 and GP2 and GP3 support teams.
Virgin became Marussia, following the increase in team ownership by Russian sports car manufacturer Marussia Motors.
The German Grand Prix returned to Hockenheim after the 2011 German Grand Prix took place at the Nürburgring, in accordance with the event's policy of alternating between locations.
Any driver in the pit track when a race is suspended was allowed to return to the circuit and take the position on the grid in which he was running at the time of suspension.
The decision to hold the race despite ongoing protests made it one of the most controversial Grand Prix of the sixty @-@ year of sport history.
With Alonso retiring and Vettel taking a full twenty @-@ five points for victory, the championship fight became as close as it had been all season.
Points were awarded to the top 10 finalists ranked.
Official FIA results for the Manufacturers' Championship have identified the manufacturers as " Red Bull Racing " , " Scuderia Ferrari " , " Vodafone McLaren Mercedes " , etc.
An exclusive Wal @-@ Mart DVD entitled "Fan Pack" was released on 9 November 2004 one week before the release of Destiny Fulfound . It was only available at Wal @-@ Mart for a limited time.
The credits are adapted from the lining notes of the Destiny Fulfound .
After the conquest of the Pacific plain, the inhabitants paid tribute to the Spanish in the form of precious products such as cocoa, cotton, salt and vanilla, with an emphasis on cocoa.
The rows in the following table correspond to the jerseys awarded after this stage.
The Abbey of Cleeve is a medieval monastery located near the village of Washford, in Somerset, England. It is a grade I listed building and has been planned as an ancient monument.
The remains of the buildings have been designated by the English Heritage as a Category I building, and are listed as a planned monument.
The scenes of the castle in the musical TV series @-@ for children Maid Marian and his Merry Men were filmed at the Abbey of Cleeve.
The entire highway is located in the Upper Township, Chippewa County.
In 1855, the island was officially designated as an integral part of New South Wales by the Constitution Act.
Lord Howe Island has a subtropical climate. Under the climate classification Köppen, Lord Howe Island has a humid subtropical climate (Cfa).
There are no snakes, no poisonous or pungent insects, animals or plants, and no dangerous day sharks off the beaches.
Virus, a 1999 horror film sci @-@fi: the virus of the full computer allows Lord Howe Island to seize a British intelligence facility from which it can control the world army.
The NBA D Award @-@ League Coach of the Year is named after Johnson .
Over the entire width of the background, a darkening sky and the storm clouds that are about to take hold of the destruction that the dancers are about to bring to themselves.
In 2016 the American singer Yolanda Adams covered the song for the American version of the musical The Passion.
The instrumental for "When love takes over" was recorded in 2008 at Gum Prod Studios, Paris.
The voices were added in 2009 and the final version was mixed as Super Sonic Scale Studios.
Kepler's initial discovery of the planet was verified by other observations made at observatories in Hawaii, Texas, Arizona, California and the Canary Islands.
Ernie C. – lead , rhythmic and acoustic guitars
A tenor recitation, "Es mag mir Leib und Geist" (My body and my mind may despair), expresses confidence in Jesus to overcome despair.
The closing choir, "" mein Herz im Glauben kidney " (If my heart remains pure in faith), is a setting of four @-@ part. The choir melody, now in the soprano, is reinforced by a horn.
The selection is taken from the list on the website of Bach @-@ Cantatas.
There are eight tunnels between Tonbridge and Hastings. In the order of north to south they are:
The electrification was finally carried out in the 1980s , as indicated below .
A number of accidents occurred on the Hastings line, none of which resulted in the death of a passenger.
On October 4, 1852, a passenger train derailed between Ticehurst Road and Etchingham when the formation was flooded and carried away. Both members of the engine crew were injured.
Before the live payload broadcast @-@ per @-@ view, Christian defeated Ezekiel Jackson in a singles game by pinfall.
The island of Portland has been designated by natural England as a national area 137 . It is joined by the lowlands of Weymouth to the north .
There is a short airstrip and heliport in Osprey Quay, just north of Fortuneswell.
Bunnies : ( see above ) .
Portland screws : Fossil Mollusc with a long screw @-@ such as the shell or its moulding.
Main singer of the rock band Art Brut, Eddie Argos.
Former referee of the First League Paul Durkin .
McAllister won his first great honour in 2011, helping Crawley Town win the Premier of the Conference for the first time in their history.
When signing for Luton Town manager Gary Brabin described McAllister as "adaptable in any role ... he works hard, he is strong and he plays with his fair share of goals."
Smithfield is a town in the Farringdon Without district of London in central London, England. The main street in the area is West Smithfield.
In 1855, however, Bartholomew Fair was closed by the city authorities after degenerating into a magnet for debauchery and public disorder.
Number 1, West Smithfield is the head office of the Churches Conservation Trust.
The slow loris of the Sunda is sympatric (shares its range) with the slow loris of Bengal in Thailand and a hybridization has occurred.
The area around Pichilemu was densely populated, especially in Cáhuil, where there are salt deposits that have been exploited by the natives. Pichilemu has made censuses taken since the 17th century.
The city is home to five other national monuments: Ross Park, Ross Casino, El Árbol Tunnel, the wooden station, Estación Pichilemu, and Caballo de Agua.
The Amber Room is also the central feature of Steve Berry's first novel The Amber Room (2003 ) .
In the , near Berlin , there is a miniature amber room , made after the original . The miniature collector of Berlin Ulla , had this copy made of original Prussian oriental amber .
The formation of lipids in membranes represents a key step in models of abiogenesis, the origin of life.
The name of the defence is engraved on the east side of the Arc de Triomphe.
George O. Manchester _ _ _
Humans have always tended to build communities around salt sources or where they can exchange them.
Salt is essential to the health of humans and animals, and is one of the five basic sensations of taste.
Gathering salt is ultrafine to speed up dissolution to make brine. Gourmet salts can be used for specific tastes.
Food-grade salt accounts for only a small proportion of salt production in industrialized countries ( 7% in Europe ) , although worldwide food uses account for 17 @.@ 5% of total production .
Dr. David Barnard – President of the Association of Universities and Colleges of Canada
Dr. Graham Bell FRSC – President of the Royal Society of Canada
George T.H. Cooper CM QC
Monique F. Leroux CM OQ
W. Brett Wilson CM SOM
The following table lists the main junctions along Highway 403, as noted by the Ontario Ministry of Transportation.
During " Snow Day " , Springfield citizens sing " Winter Wonderland " .
The scene where everyone in Springfield gathers around the city circle, holds hands and starts singing is a reference to How the Grinch Stole Christmas! .
Infâme Second Son sold more than a million copies nine days after its launch.
The Central Pacific has used names and numbers from the Western Pacific Typhoon List. No system formed in the region, and therefore no name was required.
According to Ananda, the text was probably composed between the 13th and 16th centuries.
The state of Samadhi, he explains, is similar to the dissolution of salt in water, and the quality of the resulting unity.
The concept and characteristics of Jivanmukta in Varaha Upanishad is similar, states, but other Upanishads develop these ideas more and deeper.
The maximum radius of wind in tropical cyclones, including whether or not it can be predicted, is still largely unknown.
The monster was mentioned for the first time in the viral marketing campaign for the film 2008, including a recording of its roaring, foreign news clips on a monster attack and sonar images.
The monster is parodyed in the South Park season 12 episode " Pandemic 2: The Startling " . The episode is a parody of Cloverfield, with the monster replaced by giant guinea pigs.
An episode of Mad parodies the film with stars of The Disney Channel and Nickelodeon in New York being attacked by Clifford the Big Red Dog.
In August 2015 it was discovered that Knut died of anti-cell encephalitis @-@ NMDA. This was the first case found in non-human animals.
In 1915, Jack Judge recorded Michael O 'Leary , V.C. , a song on the role of O 'Leary in the war effort.
Lyrics , music , production , instruments , recording , engineering , voice – will.i.am
A delicate pink color in Navajo carpets comes from fermented prickly pear cactus fruit, Opuntia. Navajo weavers also use rainwater and red dirt to create salmon @-@ pink dyes.
Dyes that create reds and yellows can also give oranges. Navajo dyes create orange dyes from a seeded juniper @-@, Juniperus, Navajo tea, , , , , or alder bark.
In Central and South America , the important blue dyes were : ( Indigofera) and Natal indigo ( Indigofera) .
The Broncos made the playoffs, but lost 38–35 in double overtime at Baltimore, who won the Super Bowl XLVII that season.
Highest completion percentage (career): 62 @.@ 49%
Lowest interception percentage (career): 2 @.@ 39%
One of the only four to display a perfect score 158 @.@ 3 passers-by in a game ( Don Meredith , Terry Bradshaw , Dave Krieg )
Highest completion percentage (career): 66 @.@ 5%
Highest average crossing stations per game (career ) : 295 @.@ 0
Highest pass mark (career ) : 101 @.@ 7
He won the favourite male athlete award for the Kids Choice Awards.
in 2016 Taylor started hosting "A series of ", on Beats 1 .
Taylor is confirmed as a guest singer in Korn's next album.
The series includes many additional volumes of interest for specialists in specific botanical sub-disciplines , in addition to those listed above .
Locks on the Bow Back Rivers are not built to a single standard, and sizes vary.
The first interracial kiss on the American television channel is often attributed to an episode of Star Trek of 1968, " Plato 's Stepchildren " .
If we want to be the owner of our country, then we should turn even the name of the smallest village into Turkish and not leave its Armenian, Greek or Arab variants.
Only in this way can we paint our country with its colors.
Sevan Nişanyan estimates that 3 @,@ 600 Armenian geographic locations have been changed.
After the Assyrian genocide, the Assyrians in the region were either depopulated or massacred. Currently, there are 5,000 Assyrians living in the region.
Nişanyan estimates that 400 Assyrian geographic locations have been modified.
Many Greek names have maintained their origins in the Byzantine Empire and the Empire of the Trebizond era.
Nişanyan estimates that 4 @,@ 200 Greek geographical locations have been changed, the most of any ethnic minority.
Solar thermal technologies can be used for water heating, space heating, space cooling and process heat generation.
Some vehicles use solar panels for auxiliary power, such as for air conditioning, to keep the interior cool, thus reducing fuel consumption.
We have proven... that after our oil and coal reserves are exhausted the human race can receive unlimited power from the sun's rays.
The Virginia Tech Cornelius White receiver fractured its patella while playing basketball @-@ up.
The series also produced Australian and British versions under the same title. The British series, hosted by Gok Wan, aired on Channel 4 in 2012.
The winding voltage ratio of the transformer is therefore directly proportional to the rotation ratio of the winding according to the eq . ( 3 ) .
the charge impedance of the secondary circuit can be expressed in eq . ( 6 )
the apparent charge impedance referred to in the primary circuit is calculated in eq . ( 7 ) to be equal to the squared rotation ratio multiplied by the secondary circuit charge impedance .
The ideal transformer model neglects the following basic linear aspects in real transformers.
Eddy's power losses due to the heating of the joule in the core, which are proportional to the square of the applied voltage of the transformer.
Leak flow that escapes from the nucleus and passes through a winding only resulting in a primary and secondary reactive impedance.
Air holes are also used to prevent a transformer from saturating, especially audio transformers @-@ frequency in circuits that have a DC component flowing through the windings.
Referring to the diagram , the physical behaviour of a practical transformer can be represented by an equivalent circuit model , which can incorporate an ideal transformer .
Secondary winding: RS , XS .
RC and XM are collectively referred to as the magnetizing branch of the model.
Large power transformers are vulnerable to insulation failure due to transient voltages with high frequency @-@ components, such as caused by switching or lightning.
As the frequency increases , the skin effect and proximity effect cause the resistance of the winding and , therefore , the losses to be increased .
Whenever the magnetic field is reversed, a small amount of energy is lost due to hysteria in the core. According to Steinmetz's formula, the thermal energy due to hysteria is given by
Some transformers, instead of being liquid @-@ filled, have their windings locked in sealed tanks, under pressure and cooled by nitrogen or sulphur hexafluoride gas.
Powering capacity: From a fraction of a volt @-@ ampere ( VA ) to more than a thousand MVA.
Duty of a transformer: continuous, short @-@ time, intermittent, periodic, variable.
Frequency range: Power @-@ frequency , audio @-@ frequency , or radio @-@ frequency .
Voltage class: From a few volts to hundreds of kilovolts.
Cooling type: Dry and liquid @-@ immersed – auto @-@ cooled , forced air @-@ cooled ; liquid @-@ immersed – forced oil @-@ cooled , water @-@ cooled .
Application of the circuit : as power supply , fit impedance , output voltage and current stabilizer or isolation of the circuit .
Usage: Pulse , power , distribution , rectifier , arc furnace , amplifier output , etc ..
Basic magnetic shape: Basic shape, shell shape.
Constant @-@ potential transformer descriptor: Step @-@ up , step @-@ down , isolation .
Condenser tension transformer: Transformer in which the capacitor divider is used to reduce the high voltage before application to the primary winding.
Phase angle control transformer: Specialized transformer used to control the real power flow on three @-@ phase power transmission networks.
Scott @-@ T transformer: Transformer used for three-phase transformation @-@ two-phase @-@ phase and vice versa.
Leak transformer: Transformer with loosely coupled windings.
Resonant transformer: Transformer that uses resonance to generate high secondary voltage.
Audio Transformer: Transformer used in audio equipment.
Output transformer: Transformer used to adapt the output of a valve amplifier to its load.
Instrument transformer: A potential or current transformer used to accurately and safely represent the voltage, current or phase position of high voltage or high power circuits.
where <formula> is the magnitude of the EMF in Volts and is the magnetic flux through the circuit in.
In the 1870s , efficient generators producing AC were available , and it was found that AC could supply an induction coil directly without a switch .
In 1889, the Russian engineer Mikhail, developed the first three phase transformers @-@ at the Allgemeine @-@ Gesellschaft ( 'General Electricity Company') in Germany.
In 1891, Nikola Tesla invented the Tesla reel, an air @-@ cored, dual @-@ tuned transformer resonant to produce very high voltages at high frequency.
Early in 2011, Hanneman contracted necrotizing fasciitis. Reports linked this disease with a spider bite he claimed to have received while in a friend's whirlpool.
While Carson led the track theoretically, Zobel was involved in the design of filters for noise reduction on transmission systems.
The result is a patented invention.
The result is equal to or greater than a result considered to be an achievement in its domain at the time of discovery.
Tampa Bay Lightning uses the song as an entry music.
The whole road is in Morgan Township, Morgan County.
This is a list of presidents , vice-presidents and managers / secretaries of SK Ull .
The weather maps mainly use the station model to show surface weather, but the model can also show altitude weather as indicated by a weather balloon radiosonde or a pilot's report.
The station model uses a windbar to show both wind direction and speed. The windbar shows speed using " flags " at the end.
The following family tree presents the ancestry of Bela, her offspring, and some of her parents mentioned in the article.
Main counterweight ( i.e. lower ) .
When Munuswamy Naidu became the chief minister of the Madras Presidency in 1930, he approved the inclusion of the Brahmines in the Justice Party, saying:
This continued until 1932 when Munuswamy Naidu resigned as chief minister of Madras and Bobbili's Raja became chief minister.
Aaron and Abe need palladium to build their machine. That's why they take the catalytic converter containing a small amount of palladium from a car.
After the filming, Carruth took two years to post @-@ produce Primer. He has since said that this experience was so difficult that he almost abandoned the film several times.
The entire score of the film was created by Carruth. On October 8, 2004, the Primer score was released on Amazon and iTunes.
In the end, Klosterman says, Primer's lesson about time travel is that "it is too important to use only for money, but too dangerous to use for something else."
The film was selected to be part of The A.V. Club 's New Cult Canon .
Greg Egan, author of science fiction, described him as " an ingenious and ingenious travel story " .
Grand Prix du Jury , Sundance Film Festival in 2004.
Alfred P. Sloan Award for films dealing with science and technology, the Sundance Film Festival 2004.
Best writer/director ( Shane Carruth ) at the Nantucket Film Festival in 2004.
Best article at the 2005 London International Science Fiction Festival.
Where G is the gravitational constant of Newton. G and m can be eliminated by taking the ratio from F to W:
In the end, it was the simple South Vietnamese soldiers and their families who paid the ultimate price, while the North Vietnamese artillery decimated the South Vietnamese military convoy on Route 7.
On February 3, 2014, her long-time girlfriend, Chloé de Launay, gave birth to her daughter,.
Critic Stephen Thomas Erlewine says that the words of the single Smiths " Hand in Glove " contain " veiled references to homosexuality " .
The two songs written by Morrissey and Johnny Marr.
U.S. / Single EU Vinyl CD / Digital download
The species is edible, but "" and without flavor. "Other authors agree that the smell and taste are not distinctive.
Recorded at Rocket Carousel Studios in Los Angeles, California.
MixStar Studios in Virginia Beach, Virginia.
Adapted credits from Prism's line notes, Capitol Records.
In August 2008, Des McAnuff announced that Sorkin had been commissioned by the Stratford Shakespeare Festival to write an adaptation of Chekhov 's The Cherry Orchard.
In February 2016, it was revealed that Sorkin will adapt To Kill to Mockingbird for the scene, where he will work alongside Bartlett Sher.
Aaron Sorkin and Rob Reiner (2001 ) . From stage to screen with Aaron Sorkin and Rob Reiner , A Few Good Men ( DVD Special Edition ) .
The whole road is in New Castle County.
For a time Compton was a deacon in a Baptist church. "Science cannot have a quarrel," he said, "with a religion that postulates a God to whom men are like his children".
Height: 7 ft 6" ( 2 @.@ 29 m )
Following his contributions, François Valle was called the " Defender of Saint Louis " [see http: / /-- /-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
For the artist, see Gheorghe.
The issue remained under discussion for the next two years. The party congress of July 1936 finally elected Tătărescu to the second position in the party, that of secretary general.
When Mount left the Senate in 2012, she was replaced by a Republican, former state representative Ronnie Johns of sulfur, who ran unopposed for the open seat.
Mount was not opposed to a second term as mayor.
United States Representative, 7th Congressional District, 2004
C. argyrosperma ( synonym C. mixta ) – , pumpkin ; origin : Panama , Mexico
C. , origin: Pacific coast of western Mexico
C. palmeri , origin : Pacific coast of north-west Mexico
C. sororia , origin : Pacific Coast Mexico in Nicaragua , north-eastern Mexico
C. digitata – Gourde; origin: southwestern United States (United States), northwestern Mexico
C. , origin: Equator Pacific Coast
C. ficifolia ,. ; origin : Mexico , Panama , northern Chile and Argentina
C. foetidissima – smelly gourd, buffalo gourd; origin: Mexico
C. , probably a natural hybrid of C. foetidissima and C. pedatifolia
Origin : Oaxaca , Mexico
C. , origin: Mexico , Guatemala , Belize
C. maxima – winter squash, pumpkin; origin: Argentina , Bolivia , Ecuador
C. , origin – Argentina
C. moschata – butternut squash, ' Dickinson ' pumpkin, golden; origin: Bolivia , Colombia , Ecuador , Mexico , Panama , Puerto Rico , Venezuela
C. , origin: Florida
C. , origin: Coast of the Mexican Gulf and foothills
C. pedatifolia , origin : Querétaro , Mexico
C. pepo – field pumpkin , summer squash , zucchini , vegetable zucchini , zucchini , corn zucchini ; origin : Mexico , United States
C. fraterna , origin: Tamaulipas and Nuevo León , Mexico
C. texana , origin : Texas , United States
C. Coyote radicans; origin: Central Mexico
C. digitata , C. palmata , C. californica , C., C. cordata
C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C., C.,
C. sororia , C. gracilor , C. palmeri ; C. argyrosperma (recognized as C. mixta ) was considered close to the three previous species.
Fruit pulp of certain species, such as C. foetidissima, can be used as soap or detergent.
In China, seeds of C. moschata were also used in traditional Chinese medicine for the treatment of parasitic schistosomiasis and for the removal of bandworms.
In Mexico, herbalists use C. ficifolia in the belief that it reduces the level of sugar in the blood.
to find z > 8 galaxies sufficiently stretched by the cluster lens to discern the internal structure and / or sufficiently enlarged by the cluster lens for spectroscopic tracking @-@ up .
Several initiatives have helped inform the public about Hubble's activities.
There is a replica of the Hubble Space Telescope on the courthouse lawn in Marshfield, Missouri, the hometown of namesake Edwin P. Hubble.
The diet of juveniles is varied, but mainly includes amphipods and isopods, as well as coral algae and plant. When available, juveniles prefer to eat crabs.
California's thorny lobster opening season runs from Saturday before the first Wednesday in October to the first Wednesday after March 15.
Lobster fishers cannot land more than seven thorny lobsters from California on a given day and at no time have more than seven lobsters in their possession.
To fish for spiny lobster south of Point Arguello, a sports fishing licence with ocean improvement stamp must be displayed or kept nearby.
A newsletter of the season must be purchased , completed and returned before April 30 after the end of the season .
Commercial and recreational traps must not be interfered with.
All songs written and composed by Linkin Park, with the exception of "A Place for My Head" Linkin Park, Wakefield, Farrell.
One in @-@ dash ( – ) indicates the countries in which singles have not been released or represented .
Carl Linnaeus described the Eurasian for the first time in the tenth edition of his Natura Systema in 1758. The typical species came from Sweden.
Jynx torquilla tschusii O. Kleinschmidt , 1907
Gilbert wrote and directed a number of plays at school, but his first professionally produced piece was Uncle Baby, who ran for seven weeks in the fall of 1863.
In Delaware, outputs are not numbered.
It was honoured with a Metal Edge 2002 player choice award for DVD / Home Video of the Year.
Apart from their real names, band members are referenced by zero to eight numbers.
Source : Rolltide.com : 1892 Football schedule in Alabama
The most recent versions of the rules of the game are detailed in three main rules manuals: The Player 's Handbook, the Dungeon Master 's Guide and the Monster Manual.
Dungeons & Dragons has undergone several revisions. Parallel versions and inconsistent naming practices can make it difficult to distinguish between different editions.
In the 1980s, the rules for the advanced Dungeons & Dragons and "basic" Dungeons & Dragons remained separate, each developing along different paths.
Director Jon Favreau credits Dungeons & Dragons by giving him " ... a really strong background in imagination, narration, understanding how to create tone and a sense of balance."
The Princess of the Forests of Charlotte B. Conner ( 1848 )
Pocahontas by Edwin O. Ropp ( 1906 )
All the lyrics written by Eddie Vedder, except where noted.
In June 2016, Apollo Global Management made a successful offer to buy Diamond Resorts International.
Other investments include Connections Academy and Unity Media.
From its inception , Apollo has formed as part of a network of affiliated companies , focusing on risk capital and various investment strategies in difficulty .
The back of the brochure listed nine men identified as "toadies " . In addition to Duggan, they were
S.W. Field, lawyer and president of the People's League
H. H. Parlee , lawyer and president of the Edmonton Liberal Electoral Association
H. R. Milner , lawyer and president of the Edmonton Conservative Electoral District Association
G.D. Hunt , investment broker
L. Y. Cairns , lawyer , member of the provincial executive of the Conservatives
G. W. Auxier , lawyer and secretary of the People's League
Below this list of names were the words "Extermine them. And to prevent any escape, Ask for the result you want — $25 @.@ 00 a.
Not to be confused with bluespotted stingray, Neotrygon kuhlii.
Leo W. Jenkins Cancer Center
The canal is now an integral part of the Cheshire Ring canal network. Pleasure boats have been licensed on the canal since 1952.
The Sleaford Spiritualist Church opened around 1956 on Westgate.
Richard Banister, the oculist, practiced for 14 years in Sleaford where he trained to lay cataracts. Henry Andrews astronomer and astrologer, worked in Sleaford during his youth.
Princess Hitachi is a descendant @-@ day of the main line Tsugaru.
Np ( VII ) is dark green in a highly basic solution . Although its chemical formula in the basic solution is frequently cited as NpO3 -
Finely divided neptunium metal presents a fire risk because neptunium is pyrophoric; small grains ignite spontaneously in air at room temperature.
Strom concedes defeat in Edmonton and returns home to Medicine Hat.
Ruth Strom, his wife died in 2011.
A1 " Wind up " (main mixture) - 3: 11
A2 . " Wind up " ( Original Neptune Mix ) – 3:08
B1 . " Wind up " (main instrumental mixture) - 3 : 11
B2 . " Wind up " ( Mixture of Instrumental Neptunes ) – 3 : 10
Credits adapted from the Liner Notes of The Sweet Escape .
The entire highway is in Okanogan County.
While working as a software engineer in Silicon Valley, California, he pursued cinema and earned a master's degree in fine arts from Columbia University.
Domalpalli used the "..." in the film; folk songs that are rarely heard. To record these songs for the film, Domalpalli and his crew travelled to the cities and villages of the Andhra countryside.
Ed covers a range of Brown's interests, from political scepticism to scatological humour to vampires and werewolves. History is dark and surreal, desperate and humorous.
D. Aviva Rothschild compared the story to " watch six @-@ day @-@ old roadkill " . Brown ' s father was too offended to continue reading after the fifth minicomic issue, " Ed and the Beanstalk " .
In 2014 ,-- Books published Ed Vs . Yummy Fur Brian Evenson . The book details the differences between the different versions of Ed's story .
Five orders make up the lilioid monocots.
Petrosaviales Takht ( 1997 )
Dioscoreales R.Br. ( 1835 )
Pandanales R.Br. e.g. ( 1820 )
Harlan also dissident of this ground of reversal, arguing that Burton did not suffer substantial injury.
Burton then argued that the evidence was insufficient to support his conviction . In examining the evidence , the Court rejected this argument .
Justice McKenna disagrees with this decision. Thus, he agreed only with the assertion of the charges alleging receipt, and not with the charges alleging agreement.
Burton served five months of his sentence of six @-@ months in Iron County Prison in Ironton, Missouri. In March 1907, he returned to Abilene.
Credits for " (I just started) Having my pleasure" are taken from Greatest Hits: My Prerogative 's liner notes.
The last section of Bramwith is known as River Dun Navigation.
This section provides details on some of the many bridges crossing Don navigation, west @-@ to @-@ east order, from Tinsley.
This carries the century-old double carriageway over navigation.
Greasbrough Road is no longer a main road and serves only local businesses. Downstream of this bridge are 3 pipeline bridges.
This provides access to the two steel mills on the Dalton Road.
This is Bridge No. 48 and connects Swinton's main road (= Bridge Street and ==Lane ) to an industrial estate whose main unit is the Morphy Richards Distribution Centre.
This is Bridge No. 52 and carries the access road to Mexborough Station from the Green Lane (and downtown).
Built in 1849 as part of the South Yorkshire Railway, which later became part of the Great Central Railway, the rainbow bridge is still in service and transports the Swinton railway line to Doncaster.
Two bridges located next to @-@, one concrete and the other a wooden bridge, cross one of the two channels of Weir where the river leaves navigation before the lock of the city of Doncaster.
This bridge provides access through navigation from the centre of Doncaster to small businesses and parking on the " island " between the river and navigation.
In the reserve race, Isis of Oxford beat Goldie of Cambridge by nine @-@ and @-@ a @-@ half-length. Cambridge won the 30th women's boat race.
There were 46 events in 6 sports ( 10 disciplines ) .
McDaniel died of a heart attack in Ithaca, New York, at the age of 84.
Grand Master Sovereign of the Order of Ranavalona ( 1896 ) .
Sharifi later directed the Octavarium Orchestra on Dream Theater 's Score album.
All the music composed by Dream Theater.
Peniophora is similar in appearance to P. quercina. However, the edges of the fruit body are highlighted in a dark black, and the species favors ash, as opposed to oak.
The production of Temperatures Rising is underway in August 1972 with shootings made at Burbank Studios in Burbank, California.
When John Mitchell and Barry Diller noticed that The New Temperatures Rising Show had failed, they contacted William Asher and asked him to save the series.
As for the reason why the series was not cancelled, Asher remarked, "I can answer in two words: Paul Lynde."
The whole route was in Red House, Cattaraugus County.
The entire highway is in Leelanau County.
Snorri Sturluson 's Prose Edda quotes strongly from Völuspá and develops largely prose on the information there , although some of this information conflicts with that provided in Völuspá .
Various objects have been identified as representing the events in Ragnarök.
Jansson ( 1987 ) notes that at the time of the inscription , all those who read the lines would have thought of Ragnarök and the allusion that the father found appropriate as an expression of his grief .
The towing trail under the bridge on the south bank is now part of the Thames Trail. In 2009, the northernmost arc was used by the Tideway Scullers Scullers Scullers Sculler Club as storage space.
for rinsing the tooth chips.
The opening of the slab is the simplest surface opening. It is a general use tool for cutting flat surfaces.
The contour pins are designed to cut concave, convex, cams, contoured and irregularly shaped surfaces.
A common type of internal opening is the keyring opening (C & D ) . It uses a special mounting called a horn to support the opening and correctly locate the part in relation to the opening .
A concentric pin is a special type of pin cutting pin that cuts both the minor diameter and the pin shape to ensure precise concentricity.
To define the geometry of a pin an internal type is shown below. Note that the geometries of other pins are similar.
Ideally, the tool moves at the same rate as it cuts. The ideal cutting rate is defined as:
In general, a rotary pin will not cut as precisely as a push or pull pin. However, the possibility of using this type of cutting tool on common machine tools is very advantageous.
In the early 1950s, an anthology entitled Brief Fantastic Tales appeared from Studio Publications in Toronto; it consisted mainly of reprints by Uncanny Tales.
Bureau of War, 8 June 1917.
Capt. James Ernest Newlands , [ sic ] Inf . Bn . , Aus . Imp . Force .
For the most visible bravery and devotion to duty, in the face of high chances, on three distinct occasions.
On a later occasion, when the company on its left was overstepped and its own company attacked from the rear, it drove out a combined attack that had developed from these directions.
These attacks were repeated three or four times, and it was the tenacity of Capt Newland and contempt for his own safety that encouraged men to hold.
The position of this officer was of the utmost importance, and produced far @-@ achieve results.
The terminals north of Gila Bend reflect the mileage of the former US 80 near the California State Line.
Rare vintage images of the 1924 gold medal match was included in the rugby documentary, A Giant Awakens: The Rise of American Rugby . 6 + +
Only players who have participated in at least one game are counted.
Jean , France and track events .
Eric Liddell, Scotland and track events.
Heather Moyse, Canada and gold in Olympic bobsleigh.
Noel Purcell , Ireland and gold in Olympic water polo – the first Olympic internationalist to represent two countries , Great Britain and the Free State of Ireland .
Jacques Rogge , International President and former IOC President in Belgium .
Constantin Henriquez, Haitian rugby player who won gold for France.
Danny Crates, who has worn the torch twice at the Olympic Games, and is a remarkable paralympian, also plays competitive rugby.
Kevin O 'Flanagan , International Ireland . Represented Ireland at the International Olympic Committee
According to New York State law, Clinton and Lazio totals include their minor party line votes: New York Liberal Party and Clinton Working Families Party, Conservative Party for Lazio.
In the reserve race, Isis beat Goldie by four @-@ and @-@ a @-@ half-length, and in the women's boat race, Oxford was victorious.
In the reserve race, Isis beat Goldie five lengths, their second consecutive victory. In the 36th race of the women's boat race, Oxford triumphed, their second consecutive victory.
Canada Bridge Auditorium: The philosophy and scientific content of the thematic exhibitions were presented and highlighted in this 372-seat room.
The Creator Man: The Gallery of Fine Arts; Contemporary Sculpture; Industrial Design; Photography.
Man the Producer: Resources for Man; Man in Control; Progress.
Along with the opening of Expo 67, the Canadian Postal Department issued a 5¢ stamp commemorating the fair, designed by Harvey Thomas Prosser.
In addition, The Ed Sullivan Show was broadcast live on May 7 and 21 of Expo 67. The stars on the shows included America's The Supremes, Great Britain's Petula Clark and Australia's The Seekers.
Another attraction was the Canadian Armed Forces Tattoo 1967 at the University of Montreal.
The countries clearly absent were Spain , South Africa , the People 's Republic of China and many South American countries .
Sea Harrier F ( A ) .2
A BAe Sea Harrier FRS 51 ( IN @-@ 621 ) kept at the Naval Aviation Museum ( India ) in Goa, India.
Four Sea Harriers are stored at RNAS Culdrose, from 2012 onwards.
Sea Harrier FA2-S is exhibited at the Midland Air Museum, Coventry.
Two Sea Harriers , a FRS1-001-N and a FA2 (-) are also exhibited at Yeovilton Fleet Air Arm Museum.
Sea Harrier FA2. is kept by a private owner near Shoreham Airport.
Wingspan : 25 ft 3" ( 7 @@ 6 m )
Bombs : A variety of unguided iron bombs (including 3 kg and 14 kg of training bombs).
The unique characteristics of the Harrier led him to be presented a number of films and video games.
S. g. graculina is the nomination form, found from the Sydney area north to the Burdekin River in northern Queensland.
The German band The Baseballs covered the song for its first album Strike! in 2009 .
The song was also covered by the American pop punk band, The Summer Set, on their second EP, Meet Me on the Left Coast. It was released in 2008 and titled ''.
In 1910, Banagher won the title Offaly Senior Football Championship, playing as Banagher.
Soccer is popular in Banagher and the Banagher United field teams in the Midlands Senior and Junior Leagues.
Highland Fling . London : Thornton Butterworth . 1931 . OCLC.
Christmas Pudding . London : Thornton Butterworth . 1932 . OCLC.
Green Wigs. London: Thornton Butterworth. 1935. OCLC.
Pigeon Pie . London : Hamish Hamilton . 1940 . OCLC.
The pursuit of love. London: Hamish Hamilton. 1945. OCLC.
Love in a cold climate. London: Hamish Hamilton. 1949. OCLC.
The Blessing. London: Hamish Hamilton. 1951. OCLC.
Don't tell Alfred. London: Hamish Hamilton. 1960. OCLC.
Madame de Pompadour . London : Hamish Hamilton . 1954 . OCLC.
Voltaire in Love . London : Hamish Hamilton . 1957 . OCLC.
The King of the Sun . London : Hamish Hamilton . 1966 . OCLC.
The small hut . London : Hamish Hamilton . 1951 . OCLC. (Play, translate and adapted by André Roussin 's The Little)
The following cladogram of Diplodocidae after Tschopp , Mateus , and Benson ( 2015 ) shows instead A. altus outside Diplodocinae .
All tracks written by Will Sergeant , Ian McCulloch , Les Pattinson and Pete de Freitas unless otherwise indicated.
The specific epithet glutinosum is derived from the Latin word gluten, meaning " glue " . The species is commonly referred to as " viscid black earth tongue " or " glutinous " .
Although black-tongue species are generally not worth eating, Charles McIlvaine ointed in his 1902 work One Thousand American Fungi, which, so stewed, G. glutinosum is "savory."
Credits adapted from Body Language Liner Notes.
Mills was part of a series of body sculptures moulded by contemporary British sculptor Louise Giblin in 2012.
Credits and personnel adapted from Allmusic Liner and Album Notes .
A limited 3D version was re @-@ released exclusively in selected theatres in Mexico in February 2010 .
The whole road is in Rockland County.
After the album was completed, Tweedy decided to remove Bennett from the band. The album was finished in 2001, and Tweedy thought he was ready to release.
Shortly after his online release, Peter Buck of R.E.M. hailed the album as "their best yet".
All lyrics written by Jeff Tweedy, all music composed by Jeff Tweedy and Jay Bennett except where noted.
Credits according to line notes .
The first @-@ choice of Capitals in the draft was exchanged to the Chicago Blackhawks in exchange for Troy Brouwer .
The second @-@ choice of Capitals in the project, with Brian Pothier and Oskar, was exchanged at the Caroline Hurricanes in exchange for Joe Corvo in 2010.
The selection of the third round @-@ Capitals in the project, with Jake, was exchanged with the Florida Panthers in exchange for Dennis Wideman.
In a report published in July 2012, a coroner concluded that the children had suffered injuries " while in the custody, custody and control of their father " .
The corpses were handed over to the family on 21 June and taken to the marae for a funeral and buried in Manukau Cemetery on 24 June.
Kahui's lawyer threatened to file a complaint with the Police Complaints Authority regarding the police's treatment of his client's prosecution for the murder of Chris and Cru Kahui.
At the beginning of the program, Underwood was a democratic majority whip in the House of Representatives, where he represented the 5th district of South Carolina since 1990.
Andrew Davies, the producer of the original British TV series, believes that Underwood lacks the " charm" of the original character, Francis Urquhart.
However, Hitfix reviews, Alan Sepinwall was very critical of Spacey's performance and accused him of "hammers up" and "phone him in a not very good show to start with".
At the 3rd Choice of Critics Television Award, Spacey was nominated for the best actor in a drama series for her Underwood performance.
Season 4 performance won a Primetime Emmy Award nomination for the outstanding lead actor in a dramatic series at the 68th Primetime Emmy Awards.
Was green and oaky, and refreshed the eye.
I had to leave you.
Science, freedom, and truth in.
where c represents the length of the hypotenuse and a and b the lengths of the other two sides of the triangle.
This theorem may have more well-known evidence than any other (the law of quadratic reciprocity being another claiming this distinction); the book The Pythagorian proposal contains 370 evidences.
The first result corresponds to the cosines of the angles Φ , while the second result corresponds to their sine .
The surface of a triangle is half the surface of any parallelogram on the same base and having the same altitude.
The surface of a rectangle is equal to the product on two adjacent sides.
The surface of a square is equal to the product of two sides ( follows 3 ) .
Then each upper square is bound to a triangle congruent with another triangle linked to its turn to one of the two rectangles forming the lower square.
Let ACB be a triangle at right angle @-@ with right angle CAB .
From A , draw a line parallel to BD and CE . It will cross perpendicularly BC and DE to K and L , respectively .
Join CF and AD to form the BCF and BDA triangles.
The angles CAB and () are both straight angles; therefore, C, A and G are collinear. The same applies to B, A and H.
CBD and FBA angles are the two right angles; therefore ABD angle equals FBC angle, since both are the sum of a right angle and an ABC angle.
As AB is equal to FB and BD is equal to BC, ABD triangle must be compatible with FBC triangle.
Since C is collinear with A and G , BAGF square must be twice in the zone towards FBC triangle .
Therefore, AB2 + AC2 = , since , is a square .
The inner square is in the same way divided, and there are only two triangles so that the evidence proceeds as above, with the exception of a <formula> factor, which is removed by multiplying by two to give the result.
One can arrive at the Pythagorean theorem by studying how changes on one side produce a change in the hypotenuse and using the calculation.
This is more intuitive evidence than formal evidence: it can be made more rigorous if appropriate limits are used instead of dx and dy.
c2 , then the angle between a and b is 90 ° .
The above evidence of the inverse makes use of the Pythagorean Theorem itself. The inverse can also be proven without assuming the Pythagorean Theorem.
If a2 + b2 > c2 , then the triangle is acute .
If a2 + b2 < c2 , then the triangle is obtuse .
where α is the opposite angle to the side a , β is the opposite angle to the side b , γ is the opposite angle to the side c , and sgn is the sign function .
A primitive triple pythagoras is the one in which a , b and c are coprim ( the largest common divider of a , b and c is 1 ) .
Note that r is defined as a positive or zero number but that x and y can be negative as well as positive. Geometrically r is the distance of z from zero or the origin O in the complex plane.
This can be generalized to find the distance between two points, z1 and z2 say. The required distance is given by
with n a normal unit vector at both a and b . The relationship derives from these definitions and from the trigonometric identity Pythagoras .
This can also be used to define the cross product. By reorganizing the following equation is obtained
This can be considered as a condition on the crossover product and therefore as part of its definition , for example in seven dimensions .
C and reverse the above logic leads to Pythagorean theorem a2 + b2 = c2 .
where Φ is the angle between the sides a and b .
When Φ is 90 degrees ( π / 2 radians ) , then π = 0 , and the formula is reduced to the usual Pythagorean theorem .
As the angle approaches π / 2 , the base of the isocele triangle narrows , and the lengths r and s overlap less and less .
c, and the original Pythagorean theorem is found.
the required result .
The theorem remains valid if the angle <formula> is obtuse so that the lengths r and s are not @-@ overlapping.
where these three sides form a straight triangle. Using the horizontal diagonal BD and the vertical edge AB, the length of the diagonal AD is then found by a second application of the Pythagorean theorem as:
where the cross-term domestic products are zero , due to orthogonality .
where cosh is the hyperbolic cosine. This formula is a special form of the hyperbolic law of the cosines that applies to all hyperbolic triangles:
with the angle at the top opposite to the c side.
Pythagorean theorem has arisen in popular culture in various ways.
Hans Christian Andersen wrote a poem on Pythagorean theorem in 1831:
Greece, Japan, San Marino, Sierra Leone, and Suriname issued postage stamps representing Pythagoras and the Pythagoras theorem.
Simba was presented as a guest in the animated series House of Mouse, in which he alternates between the young and the adult.
Live versions of Simba appear in the Lion King Music and in parades and shows at Walt Disney Parks and Resorts.
He appears as one of the main characters at Epcot 's Land Pavilion 12 @-@ minute film education Circle of Life : An Environmental Fable .
The Lancashire and England Test cricketer Paul Allott was born in Altrincham.
Translated into many languages, the books sold more than 30 million copies worldwide. Tom Swift was also the subject of a board game and a television series.
The series presents more violence than the previous series; in The Negative Zone, Tom blows up a motel room to escape the authorities.
It was suggested that the book Tom Swift and His Electric Rifle contain an important racism, portraying Africans as crude, uncivilized animals, and the white protagonist as their paternal savior.
Left with the author of Wind Margaret Mitchell said she was reading the show like a child.
Clinton decided that the appointment could not go forward, and the next day, February 5, Wood withdrew publicly from the examination.
Subsequently, cases of political problems caused by the hiring of nouns who were in some way illegal were also described as " Nannygate " , both in the United States and outside.
It has been speculated that LARP could one day evolve into a large industry in the form of @-@ based games using ubiquitous computing.
LARPing is parodied as being (short for moss and cardboard Legitative Outdoor Role @-@ Playing ) in the episode of Gravity Falls " Dungeons , Dungeons and More Dungeons " .
The video for " Friday " was then placed on number one of the NME list of " 50 worst music videos " .
Adapted credits from Spirit's Liner Notes, Sony BMG, J Records, Syco.
Credits are adapted from the album notes.
Ted Allen : " Food and Wine Connoisseur", expert in alcohol, drinks, food preparation and presentation.
Kyan Douglas: "Grooming Guru", expert in hairdressing, grooming, personal hygiene, and makeup.
Thom Filicia: " Design Doctor " , expert in interior design and home organization.
Carson Kressley: "Fashion Savant", expert in clothing, fashion and personal style.
Jai Rodriguez : " Culture Vulture", expert in popular culture, relations and social interaction.
In the collection of poems by Ogden Nash I 'm a Stranger Here Myself ( 1938) there is a short poem " England Expects " .
In the United States, former Secretary of the United States Navy Gordon R. England wore a tie with flags representing the famous citation when visiting warships.
Thus, the theory of social identity partly reflects the desire to re-establish a more collectivist approach to social psychology of social and self groups.
Shirley , William ( 1746 ) . Letter to the Duke of Newcastle , with a Journal of Louisburg . London : E. Owen . OCLC.
Shirley , William ; Alexander , William ( 1758 ) . The conduct of Major General William Shirley briefly stated . London : R. and J. Dodsley . OCLC.
Shirley , William ( 1912 ) . Lincoln , Charles Henry , ed . Correspondence by William Shirley , Volume 1 . New York : Macmillan . OCLC.
Shirley , William ( 1912 ) . Lincoln , Charles Henry , ed . Correspondence by William Shirley , Volume 2 . New York : Macmillan . OCLC.
While in Berkeley, Joan gave birth to her first child, a girl, Sheena, who was born severely mentally handicapped. They later had three sons, all then completed a PhD.
Hurricane Greta – Olivia was a rare crossing storm from the Atlantic to the Pacific, one of six maintaining tropical cyclone status during the crossing.
At the beginning of its duration, Greta produced heavy rainfall in the Netherlands Antilles, but the strongest winds remained north of the island.
Although the National Hurricane Center does not consider it to have retired, the World Meteorological Organization lists Greta in its list of retired hurricane names.
I. Florence, 1608;
Bernardo, Giovan Battista & Co. , Venice , 1608 ;
Antonio, Venice, 1640.
Mike Pompeo , (Republican Party ) , representative of the United States for the 4th district of Kansas (since 2011 ) .
Lynn Westmoreland , ( Republican Party ) , representative of the United States for the 3rd District of Georgia ( since 2007 ) .
Ryan Zinke , ( Republican Party ) , US representative for Montana at @-@ Congressional Grand District ( since 2015 ) .
Diane Black , ( Republican Party ) , representative of the United States for the 6th District of Tennessee ( since 2011 ) .
Mike Kelly , (Republican Party ) , representative of the United States for the 3rd District Congress of Pennsylvania (since 2011 ) .
Marsha Blackburn , ( Republican Party ) , representative of the United States for the 7th District of Tennessee ( since 2003 ) .
Peter , ( Republican Party ) , representative of the United States for the 6th District of Illinois ( since 2007 ) .
Ernest Haycox's 1942 novel Alder Gulch portrays Sheriff Bannack Henry Plummer as a cold and calculating murderer and thief.
John Dehner played Henry Plummer in an episode of the West TV series of the 1950s, Stories of the Century, starring and told by Jim Davis.
An episode of the television series Overland Trail, The Montana Vigilantes broadcast in April 1960.
It is said that Director Kamiya based Joe's animation on how he got to work, and the game bosses are based on Capcom executives.
Leonard B. Smith , cornet ( 1969 )
T. N. Retif , baritone voice ( 1969 )
John D. Mohler , clarinet ( 1971 )
In the first nine games, Michigan was undefeated and surpassed its opponents by a combined score of 256 to 4 .
Frederick W. Henninger , Barberton , Ohio
John W. F. Bennett , Jackson , Michigan
Fred L. Baker , Hillsdale , Michigan
Howard C. Felver , Batavia , Illinois
J. De Forest Richards
James R. Hogg , Knoxville , Tennessee (St. Albans Military Academy )
Ignatius M. Duffy , Ann Arbor , Michigan
Hazen Stuart Pingree, Jr.,
Director: Ward W. Hughes
Deputy Director: Charles O. Cook
Finally, a reaction from a Stephen Buchwald report allows the conversion of halides aryl directly to aryl Weinreb – Nahm amides.
More unusual reagents with several functional groups of Weinreb – Nahm amide were synthesized, serving as CO2 and α @-@ diketone.
The ultimate southern terminus of the motorway was established by the applicable legislation in the vicinity of Dubrovnik.
At the beginning of her life, Sarah brought gusting winds and showers to Guam.
Overall, Typhoon Sarah caused about 2 @,@000 deaths, making it one of the most deadly typhoons recorded.
The two-storey building has a slate roof. In the southeast a stone wall contains wrought iron doors in a vaulted door.
A suitable wink machine is used to sieve the flour produced by the grinding wheels.
Most of his crew survived the shipwreck and were rescued by the Japanese . About a quarter of them died during the captivity . His wreck was discovered in early 2007 .
M249 is sometimes mistakenly referred to as the " squad assault weapon " .
The, a shower of prominent meteorites that occurs in Ursa Minor, peaks between December 18 and 25. Its parent body is comet 8P / Tuttle.
The Japanese Language School in Palau, a complementary weekend program, is underway in Koror.
Although the storm affected several ships during its existence, no land areas were threatened by Zeta. As a result, the NHC issued no tropical storm watches or warnings.
Nick Offerman quoted it as his favorite episode of Simpsons.
Snow removal , waste control and landscaping of Highway 42 between the end of the Atlantic City Highway and Interstate 295 is carried out by the South Jersey Transportation Authority.
The stable form of the scandium is created in supernovas via the r @-@ process.
To produce metallic scandium, the oxide is converted to scandium fluoride and reduced with metallic calcium.
Lower oxidation states ( + 2 , + 1 , 0 ) were also observed in compounds.
The alloy is as strong as titanium, light as aluminum, and hard as ceramic.
Dentists use erbium, chromium: yttrium @-@ scandium @-@ gallium grenat ( Er , Cr :-) lasers for the preparation of cavities and in--
Radioactive isotope is used in petroleum refineries as a tracer. Scandium triflate is a catalytic Lewis acid used in organic chemistry.
Every 5 years, the tower is repainted in a process that takes about 12 months.
NHK Radio FM Tokyo ( JOAK @-@ FM ) : 82 @.@ 5 @-@ MHz
J @-@ WAVE (-@ FM ) : 81 @.@ 3 @-@ MHz
Tokyo FM (-@ FM ) : 80 @.@ 0 @-@ MHz
WSF (-@ FM ) : 76 @.@ 1 @-@ MHz
The University of Air @-@ FM (-@ FM ) : 77 @.@ 1 @-@ MHz
Nikkei Broadcasting Relay Antenna @-@ SW: 3 @.@ 925 @-@ MHz
The Japanese culture and lifestyle show Begin , broadcast on NHK World , features a full episode on Tokyo Tower in 2008.
The power to cancel and restore rewards is still included in the Victoria Cross mandate, but none has been lost since 1908.
In 1997, another immaculate wreck was discovered during a survey conducted by the Musée maritime du lac Champlain. Two years later, it was conclusively identified as a puddlefire.
Structure 5D @-@ 85 is a double platform that gives access to the Plaza des Sept Temples .
The structure 5D @-@ 88 is a structure with three bedrooms. It was one of the first three temples to be built on the East platform towards the end of the late preclassical period.
The structure 5D @-@ 89 is another structure with three bedrooms.
The structure 5C @-@ 51 is located at the western border of the complex. It was modelled in the Talud style @-@ tablero in the 5th century AD .
The structure 5C @-@ 52 delimits the extreme west of the Mundo Perdido . In the 5th century after JC it was built using the talud style @-@ tablero .
The structure 6C @-@ 24 is part of the southern range of the Mundo Perdido . It is another building that was decorated with talud @-@ tablesros in the 5th century AD .
Contains a sample of " Living For The City", written and performed by Stevie Wonder, courtesy of Motown Records.
Jim O 'Heir as Jerry Gergich, an incompetent and largely ridiculed employee in the Parks Department.
Retta as Donna Meagle, the no @-@ absurd office manager in the Parks Department.
Alison Becker as Shauna Malwae @-@ Tweep , journalist for The Pawnee Journal .
Brian Huskey like Morgan, a sex offender.
Jim Meskimen like Martin, a MC at many special events around Pawnee.
Lennon Parham as Kate Speevak, a mother who opposes the construction of Leslie Park.
Phil Reeves as Paul Iaresco, the director of the city of Pawnee who supports Leslie's plan for a new park.
Ian Roberts as Ian Winston, an angry citizen who complains of lubricated behavior in one of Pawnee's parks.
Cooper Thornton as Dr. Harris, Ann's boss at Pawnee Hospital.
Jama Williamson like Wendy Haverford, a surgeon and Tom's beautiful wife.
Although the first season received good ratings, the series gradually lost viewers because they would have been "cut off by the morose and unshakeable lines of history."
Stephen J. Lang as Det. Bob Giebelhouse
Bill Smitrovich as Lieutenant Robert Bletcher
The Algonquin Hotel is a historic hotel located at 59 West 44th Street in Manhattan (New York, New York). The hotel has been designated as a historic Landmark of New York City.
Visitors often ask for dinner at the round table of the members' organization that originally met for decades.
Analysts consider that the relatively fast series of 84 orders from Egypt, India and Qatar is influenced by the Arab Spring and the uncertainty of US involvement in the Middle East.
Technology demonstration, first flight in 1986.
Dassault used this designation in the early 1990s to highlight the new features of semi @-@ stealth design.
Version two @-@ places for the French Air Force .
Simple version @-@ seat for the French Air Force .
Initially called the Rafale BM , was a planned missile @-@ only two @-@ headquarters version for the Aéronavale . Budgetary and technical constraints were cited as reasons for its cancellation .
Proposed variation of recognition @-@ oriented .
Two @-@ siege version for the Egyptian Air Force.
Unique version @-@ seat for the Egyptian Air Force.
Indian Air Force – 36 to be ordered. Final contract to be signed.
On December 6, 2007, a twin from the French Air Force @-@ Rafale headquarters crashed during a training flight. The pilot, who was suffering from spatial disorientation, was killed in the accident.
Supercruise: Up to Mach 1 @.@ 4
Maximum load of g @-@: + 9 / – 3 @.@ 6 g
Thales SPECTRA Electronic Warfare System .
Thales / SAGEM @-@ OSF=" Frontal Research and Tracking System (IRST) infra @-@ red .
Diodorus Siculus states in his Bibliotheca historica that the number of Persian troops was about five hundred thousand.
Herodotus tells several anecdotes about the conduct of specific Spartans during the battle.
Herodotus ( 1920 ) . The ( ) with an English translation by A. D. Godley . Cambridge : Harvard University Press . To the Perseus project of Tufts University .
Diodorus Siculus ( 1967 ) .. in twelve volumes with an English translation by C. H. Oldfather . Cambridge , Mass . ; London . To the Perseus project of Tufts University .
Gibbon , Edward . The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire . ISBN 978 @-@ 0 @-@
It was heard to say, "Let me burn for God." An indication of his zeal for the things of God.
In 1999 the Centre became an associate institute of the Cambridge Theological Federation, one of the largest providers of theological training in the United Kingdom.
The IRC made the survey a top priority and responded to London at 7 @.@ 11 p.m. on 2 October:
At the end of October 30, Lody wrote to a friend in Omaha to talk to him about his feelings before starting his defense. He told his friend:
I am ready to make a pure breast of all these problems, but I must protect my friends in the Homeland and avoid as much as possible humiliation for those who have been close and dear to me.
The verdict of guilt and the death sentence were pronounced in camera, without Lody present, before the court martial was adjourned.
I have a duty, as a German officer, to express my sincere thanks and gratitude to the staff of the officers and men who were in charge of my person during my delivery.
The guards apparently never saw the letter; the Warrant Officer-General instead ordered that the letter be placed in a war office file rather than sent to the regiment.
Good-bye, God bless you,
Lody also left instructions that her ring should be transmitted to her ex @-@ woman, which was made after her execution.
The "in Berlin" was named in his honour.
The following table lists the main junctions along Highway 77 , as noted by the Ontario Ministry of Transportation . The entire route is located in Essex County .
The area was officially part of Chester County, then Lancaster County, then Cumberland County until it became part of Franklin County in 1784.
In 1748 a local militia was formed for protection against the Indians, Benjamin Chambers being appointed colonel.
Fighting continued in the area after the war, including the massacre of the Enoch Brown school during the Pontiac rebellion and the Black Boys rebellion against British troops at Fort Loudon.
The city was rebuilt with a combination of public and private financing. Many new buildings were built quickly and were not originally built according to original standards.
It took more than 30 years to completely restore the city's housing stock in @-@ the norms of civil war.
A statue of a Union soldier stands next to the fountain, facing south to protect against the return of the raiders from the south.
To date, the civil war is burning from Chambersburg remains part of the city's historical identity and annual commemorative events are organized.
Chambersburg has also recently been the subject of a study on how people have historically perceived and responded to war tragedies.
Conococheague Creek, a trout stream noted, crosses the center of the city. It is a tributary of the Potomac River. The northernmost range of the Potomac watershed is a few miles north of the city.
Darren Brown became mayor on January 6, 2014 .
Samantha J., 2nd Ward ( R )
Sharon A. , 4th district ( D )
Jeremy D. Cate , 4th Ward ( D )
Allen B. Coffman , 1st Ward ( R ) ( President of the Council )
Louisa C. Cowles , 3rd Ward ( D )
Herbert R., 5th Ward ( D )
Alice C. Elia , 1st district ( D )
Kathy J. Leedy .. Ward ( D )
John " Sean " A. Scott III , 2nd Ward ( D )
( Vice-President of the Council )
Chambersburg shares a radio market, the 165th largest in the United States, with Waynesboro, Pennsylvania, and Hagerstown, Maryland.
Philip Berlin, inventor of the railway sleeping car.
D. Dudley Bloom , U.S. Navy officer and U.S. businessman
George K. Brady, U.S. Army Officer. Briefly Commander of Alaska Department.
Ike Brookens, MLB player in 1975 with the Detroit Tigers.
Baseball Hall of Famer Nellie Fox was born and lived just west of the city in St. Thomas Township.
Stephen D. Houston, a prominent Mayan scholar, epigraph, and anthropologist was born in Chambersburg in 1958.
Journalist and author Gwen Ifill spent part of her childhood in Chambersburg while her father was a pastor at St. James' Church.
David Fullerton Robison , an American representative , who died in 1859 of National Hotel disease , was born here
Joseph Winters an African @-@ American inventor and abolitionist, moved to Chambersburg in 1830.
The credits are adapted from the liner notes of the album Destiny Fulfound .
Athens' involvement in the Ionian revolt arose from a complex set of circumstances, beginning with the establishment of Athenian democracy at the end of the 6th century BC.
The dead of Marathon were buried on the battlefield. On the tomb of the Athenians, this epigram composed by Simonides was written:
Lower the army of the Golden Medes.
And long @-@ hair Medes, who knew everything too well.
The most famous legend associated with Marathon is that of the runner Pheidippides / Philippids bringing news to Athens of the battle, which is described below.
A 2004 Polish collection card set , Veto , located in the context of a royal election during an electoral sejm , is named after this procedure .
From a European root of Indo @-@ , * , * , * (a ) , " shine " , " sense " , " lightening " , through Latin or , " .
The volcano then entered a more frequent but less violent stage, eruptions until the most recent plinian eruption, which destroyed Pompeii.
The eruption could be seen from Naples. Various perspectives and the damage caused to the local villages were recorded by USAAF photographers and other staff based closer to the volcano.
Tracks 1 – 5 are on the Shaolin Sword side of the album and titles 6 – 12 are on the Wu side @-@ Tang Sword .
Credits for Enter Wu @-@ Tang ( 36 Chambers ) adapted from AllMusic .
Information about the awards awarded to Enter the Wu @-@ Tang is taken from AcclaimedMusic.net, with the exception of lists with additional sources.
According to Clan Cameron's records, some French gold coins were found buried in neighboring woods in the 1850s.
The "Arkaig Treasure" is presented in Nigel Tranter Gold's historical fiction novel for Prince Charlie.
For a list of institutions , see Category : Universities and Colleges in Indiana .
Regis High School (a Jesuit school on the Upper East Side) hosts an annual adventure of former students (Jug Night) with the traditional East Side beefsteak dish.
In the Bay of Fundy, the fishermen were urged to return to the harbour in fear of large sills of Hurricane Bob.
In Ocean City, Maryland, a brief period of heavy rainfall caused street flooding. High waves caused minimal beach erosion and excessive washing along the coast.
High tides at 5 @.@ 9 feet ( 1 @.@ 8 m ) occurred along the coast of Delaware.
Further north, the storm caused a widespread erosion of the beach along the Jersey Shore, while heavy rains caused flooding on the street.
The whole road is in Somerset County.
Miniopterus aelleni is a bat of the genus Miniopterus.
All songs written and composed by Garbage .
Credits adapted from the Liner Notes of the Luxury Edition of Not Your Kind of People.
They were one of the founding members of the Premier League in 1992 . The club's main rivals are Sunderland and Newcastle United . There is also a rivalry with the Yorkshire club Leeds United .
The club's traditional kit is red with white details. The different ridges throughout the club's history, the most recent of which was adopted in 2007, incorporate a creeping lion.
Middlesbrough fans were also hailed by Cleveland police for their behavior in previous rounds, especially in light of the worsening before and during the game in Roma.
Middlesbrough 's mascotte is Roary the Lion. The club manages Roary 's Children's Charity Fund which buys items for local children's charities.
Note: Flags indicate the national team as defined by FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non @-@ FIFA nationality.
Note: Flags indicate the national team as defined by FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non @-@ FIFA nationality.
These 10 players were voted by fans as part of a campaign with the Evening Gazette.
These players made more than 430 appearances during their time at the club. The number in parentheses indicates the number of appearances in all competitions.
These players scored more than 140 goals during their time with the club. The number in parentheses indicates the number of goals scored in all competitions.
The following former Middlesbrough players and managers were inducted into the Scottish Football Hall of Fame.
The following are all managers @-@ Middlesbrough time since the club became professional in 1899.
Although this conscription system survived in the eastern Han , conscription could be avoided when paying a switchable fee .
A subtropical cyclone is a weather system that has some characteristics of a tropical and extratropical cyclone.
The Orb released the album Metallic Spheres in October 2010 with David Gilmour of Pink Floyd . It was released by Columbia Records .
In 2013, the Orb played with Ghana's drummers on the West Holts stage at the Glastonbury Festival.
In each of the following two years, Moore followed @-@ up the cover appearances on Vanity Fair, the first of which propelled Joanne Gair to put forward as a trompe @-@ the Body Painter Eye.
Big Girls Don 't Cry was considered a New York Times Notable Book of 2010 and the winner of the book Drinker Ballard award.
H. F. B. Lynch ( 1893 ) : " The monastery of , located on the slopes of this mountain, is the most frequented of the many cloisters in the neighborhood ... "
Hospital ] ] , learned that his legs had been amputated . One of the things that motivated him to continue during the rehabilitation was the opportunity for sport .
He lives by Gandhi's quote "Be the change you want to see in the world".
Chadwick published more than 125 books , monographs , articles etc . Mentioned in death notices as being particularly notable are:
Saint Augustine : Confessions ( Translation , introduction , notes . Oxford , 1991 )
Typically, a root plus a suffix forms a stem, and the addition of a fine form a word.
For example, it can be divided into root, suffix, imperfect appearance and end, present, third singular.
Verbal endings transmit information about the grammatical person, number and voice. The imperative mood has its own set of endings.
No @-@ labial sonorants * l , * r , * y , * n , collectively designated as R.
Laboratory sounders * w * m , collectively referred to as M.
Plosives (without voices * p * t * , expressed * b * d * , * g * , and drawn * , collectively designated as * P.
The laryngeals * h 1 * h 2 * h 3 collectively referred to as H.
Only one member of each sound class may appear in the appearance or coda, so the roots as * *.
Strangely, laryngeals can also occur in the coda before a sounder, as in * peh 2=2 ' small ' .
A laryngeal may appear before or after any obstruction other than another laryngeal. Examples are * keh 2-" to enter ' , *= 2 - " to fly ' .
Roots have sometimes been created again in PIE or its first descendants. A variety of methods have been observed.
Adapted credits for Liner Notes for Future History .
Garamond's reputation remained respected, even by members of the Didot family whose type designs came to dominate the French impression.
Fantišek's 2010 renewal is one of the few modern revivals of Jannon's work.
As one of the most popular typographies in history, a number of drawings have been created that are influenced by Garamond's design but follow different design paths.
A humanist without @-@ serif based on forms of letters of the type Jannon , created by Alan Meeks and published by Letraset and later ITC .
This list focuses on the notable references to Garamond or its typographies , not to mention the extremely high number of books printed in them .
In the novel by Umberto Eco Foucault 's Pendulum, the protagonists work for a pair of related publishing companies, Garamond and , both owned by a Mister Garamond.
For many years, the mast of the British newspaper The Guardian used "The" in Garamond and "Guardian" in bold Helvetica.
In Robin Sloan's fantastic novel M. Penumbra 's 24 @-@ Hour Bookstore several character names derive from historical figures associated with the Garamond typography.
The whole road is in McMullen County.
The entire highway is in Lenawee County.
Sam Malone (Ted Danson) is an alcoholic in recovery, former baseball player, bartender and owner of Cheers.
Diane Chambers (Sumner Sloane) is a college student and an "unsuitable bar" that is abandoned by her fiancé, Sumner Sloane. She becomes a waitress at the end of the episode.
Carla Tortelli (Rhea Perlman) is a bitter, "sagecraking, cynical waitress" and divorced whose husband, Nick, abandons her and her four children.
Norm Peterson ( George Wendt ), recognized by everyone in the bar, enters for a quick glass.
Cliff Clavin ( John Ratzenberger ) appears for a conversation with other male bosses about bar trivia.
Kommandøren ran aground once again in April 1938, when it fell on the island while en route between - and . The incident caused serious damage to the bottom of the hull.
Ages as of January 1, 2011 .
Other notable structures in the Jahanpanah area, an area of 20 ha ( 49 @@ 4 acres) in the immediate vicinity of the current public school are:
I command you [to speak to the speaker] in the name of the law to renounce and you [to speak to the crowd] to disperse.
At the last minute , when it was discovered that the instructions for manslaughter had not been included in the submitted instructions , the jury was recalled , and the instructions were given .
Throughout the 20th century, activists like Emma Goldman chose to be buried near the graves of the Martyrs monument in Haymarket.
Richard M. Daley, Mayor
Starting in 2014 , a film is produced on the Haymarket affair , the events that led it and its consequences .
The entire highway is on Mackinac Island, which is located in Mackinac County.
It is an Indonesian name that has no family name.
Ucu's Islamic children's books take a moderate position.
Krismantari describes Ucu as " one of Indonesia ' s best documentaries " .
Krismantari describes Ucu as " a small woman who can make a good punch " , with reference to Ucu 's 1 @.@ 55 m ( 5 ft 1 in ) frame and strong spirit.
Gottesman wrote nine books, all related to schizophrenia and psychiatric genetics.
a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
Gottesman has been recognized by professional organizations in the United States, Great Britain and Japan. He has received the following awards:
Distinguished prize of scientific contributions in 2001 of the APA , is the highest honour (the previous winners include Jean Piaget and B.F. Skinner ;
James McKeen Cattell Fellow Award of the Association for Psychological Sciences.
No soldier will, in time of peace, be confined to any house, without the consent of the owner, nor in time of war, but in a manner that will be prescribed by law.
In 2005, Zhou and his colleagues suggested that P. lujiatunensis is basal for all other species. This would be consistent with its earlier appearance in the fossil file.
Details adapted from the liner notes of the CD output of the single.
Recorded at Flyte Tyme Studios, Minneapolis, Minnesota, and mixed in Flyte Tyme, Edina, Minnesota.
Powell died at his home near Henderson, Kentucky shortly after a unsuccessful attempt to return to the Senate in 1867.
Brooks & Dunn has 17 Country Music Association awards, 26 Academy of Country Music awards and 2 Grammy Awards.
Qualifications for these last series of swimming events have only been decided at a time , so the positions shown are overall results compared to competitors in all rounds .
Colour change ink used on the number on the back of the note, which appears to change colour from purple to brown, when the note is tilted.
A view through the number printed in the top corner of the note, on both sides, seem to combine perfectly to form the value figure when it is held against light.
A bright strip , located at the rear of the note , showing the value figure and the euro symbol .
Watermarks, which appear when held to light.
The impression recorded in the main image , the lettering and the value figures on the front of the banknotes will be lifted .
A safety wire, integrated into the banknote paper. The wire will appear as a dark strip when held up to the light. The word "EURO" and the value is integrated in tiny letters on the wire.
Perforations in the hologram that will form the euro symbol , as well as small numbers showing the value .
A matt surface; note paper is made of pure cotton, which feels crisp and firm, but not lame or waxy.
In its early stages, the Bret subtropical precursor followed north of Bermuda and dropped low rainfall on the island , reaching a peak of 3 @.@ 34 inches ( 85 mm ) .
On April 4, 2015 Ross was released by the Diamondbacks.
The decision of the lower court was set aside and the case referred either for a new trial or for dismissal.
The body is circular rather than oval in cross @-@ section, and the pharynx extends over the inner surfaces of the lobes.
However, as with all Drs Who and Torchwood spin @-@ off media, the canonicity compared to the TV series is blurred.
Hurricane Iniki is thought to have exploded many chickens, some of which could house combat chickens; this has caused a dramatic increase in the number of wild chickens wandering in Kaua.
Minstrel Tours: members of the band walk through each other's feet.
As a military marching group, the Aggie group plays exclusively traditional marches. Among many other marches, its main repertoire includes:
The darkness of crucifixion is an episode in three of the canonical Gospels in which the sky becomes dark in the day during the crucifixion of Jesus.
Roman literary sources were also applied for, namely those on the apotheosis of the mythical king Romulus, and on the death of Julius Caesar.
In the traditional artistic representations of crucifixion, the sun and moon sometimes appear above and on either side of the cross, alluding to the darkness of the sky.
The height of the world's acclaimed pioneers include Dan and Dave , Ricky Jay , David Blaine , David Copperfield , Yann Frisch , Dai Vernon and Tony.
The tribal leaders of Southern Rhodesia collectively sent their own statement to King George V.
The whole road is in Berkeley County.
Hugh from GameSpot was more critical. He called him "a clone of the original", and criticized the absence of a multiplayer screen @-@ split.
Credits are taken from One Touch's line notes, with the kind permission of London Records.
Give the murderer of my friend, you son of a bitch... you have until the 25th, if you don't comply, there will be war.
Credits and personnel adapted from Damita Jo's album Liner Notes.
The album took some time, but I learned that you can't be afraid of time, wait. I also learned that there's a good time for all that is why I named the album "Todo a Su Tiempo"
The following credits are from Allmusic and Todo a Su Tiempo Liner Notes .
Thanks to a charge from Conrad, the crusaders managed to fight their way through and chase the defenders across the Barada River to Damascus.
Mixed at Larrabee Sound Studios in North Hollywood, California.
Joe F. Carr Trophy – The most valuable player of the National Football League in 1943.
Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1965.
Walter Camp Distinguished American of the Year Award in 1988 .
Columbia University Athletics Hall of Fame in 2006 .
Credits adapted from the liner notes of Saints & Sinners .
The first European settlers arrived in Juniata County in the 1750s. The county was historically part of Mifflin County and before that part of Cumberland County.
Juniata County was the last county in Pennsylvania to develop a modern comprehensive plan, however, it built a comprehensive plan in 1974.
Four of the rock formations found in Juniata County come from the def Ordovician period, seven from the Silurian period, and seven from the Devonian period.
There are 51 different soil types in Juniata County, of which 18 are considered to be major agricultural land. There are few agricultural soils on the northern and southern edges of the county.
There are eight Filipinos, five Vietnamese and two Samoans in Juniata County.
The housing density and population density of Juniata County are significantly below the average of a Pennsylvania County.
There are over 100 cemeteries in Juniata County.
On average, Juniata County generates 32 tons of solid waste per day.
There are 254 state-owned bridges @-@ in Juniata County, of which 77 are considered structurally deficient by the Pennsylvania Ministry of Transportation.
For air travel, Juniata County is served by Mifflintown Private Airport and Memorial Heliport in Tuscarora Township.
Route J crosses Juniata County on Route 11 of the United States and Route 15 of the United States.
There are no colleges in Juniata County, although there are twelve in the general vicinity of the county.
Four streams in Juniata County are considered to be high-quality cold water fisheries @-@. There are also wild Category A trout waters in the north and west parts of the county.
Under Pennsylvania law, there are four types of incorporated municipalities: cities, boroughs, townships and, in most cases, cities.
The population classification in the following table is based on the 2010 census of Juniata County.
Below is a cladogram placing Coelurus in Coelurosauria by Cau et al. in 2015 .
In July 2014, he played for the rest of the world in the two-hundredth anniversary celebration game at Lord's.
He was Australia's captain in six tests: four wins, one defeat, one draw.
Holder of the second more than six in a test career, with 100 sixes.
He was Australia's captain in 15 ODIs: 11 wins, 4 defeats.
In modern French, the word means "successive collision " , currently used mainly with reference to carrot or cannon fire in billiards , and multiple car accidents @-@ .
Triathlon : Right bar , Balkline and One @-@ cushion or Balkline , One @-@ cushion und Three @-@ cushion (like the real Pool Cup ) .
The Great Indian War Trail ran parallel to the base of the Appalachians, connecting the Overhill settlements with the villages of Cherokee in Georgia and Virginia.
The Warrior Road links the old town of Hiwassee, the Grand Tellico, and Chota, which are the main villages along the three rivers in the country of Overhill.
During his stay at the Grand Tellico, Cuming was impressed by the exhibition of his leader Moytoy. He described the meeting in his newspaper (referring to his party in third person ) :
Jacob the Counselor ( fl. circa 1730 ) – in the Grand Tellico at the time of Cumming's visit
The specific epithet coccinate is derived from the Latin word coccineus , and means " bright red " . The Japanese name of the fungus is Aka @-@=" @-@ take (=) .
The above statement can be respected by other nations that are, or may be, providing material assistance and contributions in the struggle for victory over Hitlerism.
During the war, the United Nations became the official term for the Allies. To join the countries had to sign the Declaration and declare war on the Axis.
The admission of such a State to the United Nations shall be by decision of the General Assembly on the recommendation of the Security Council . Chapter II , Article 4
For his role in the evacuation of gold, Lieutenant Vana received the Order of Leopold II.
The following is the Egyptian team in the 2012 Summer Olympics men's football tournament.
The whole road is in New Castle County.
There are several different subspecies in the shade or size of the plumage, although the differences are clinal, and the breeds cross where their ranges meet.
Roman Eagles over Ethiopia ( Harrisburg, PA: Pub Military Service . Co., 1940).
Semper : Autobiography ( Hawthorne , CA : Christian Book Club of America , 1976 ) .
Lieutenant-General Pedro A. del Valle , U.S. Marine Corps (retired ) .
United States support for Israel
the presence of American troops in Saudi Arabia
Media coverage was extended during the attacks and aftermath, beginning of moments after the first crash in the World Trade Center.
The September 11 attacks also led to American wars in Afghanistan and Iraq, as well as additional domestic security spending, totalling at least 5 trillion dollars.
On the World Trade Center site, three additional office towers should be built a block east of where the original towers were. Construction started on all three of these towers.
All songs written and composed by Cold War Kids.
Adapted loyalty notes to loyalty notes.
All songs written and composed by Super Furry Animals.
Mario Caldato Jr. – production, mixing, engineering
Outside Fort Stikine, the following ships were sunk or severely damaged.
François Lallement as Marine Officer. Lallement was one of the salaried camera operators for the Star Film Company.
Jules @-@ Eugène Legris as the leader of the parade. Legris was a magician who played at the stage illusion theatre of Méliès, Théâtre Robert @-@ Houdin in Paris.
Victor André , , , , , , and , like astronomers . André worked at the Cluny Theatre ; the others were singers in the French music halls .
Tropical cyclones are formed due to latent heat caused by major thunderstorm activity, and are a hot core.
The extratropical cyclones form like waves along the meteorological fronts before occulting later in their life cycle like cold-core cyclones.
With the adoption of the Maine Indian Claims Settlement Act in 1980, lawyer Tom Tureen turned his attention to the Mashantucket Pequot case.
Prototype of B @-@ 70 . Two were built .
Anticipated preproduction version with improvements based on XB @-@ 70s .
Planned version of production of Valkyrie bombers. A fleet of up to 65 operational bombers has been planned.
reconnaissance version @-@ with a crew of four and a flight refuelling capability @-@ .
Height: 30 ft. 0 in. ( 9 @@ 1 m )
Thrust / weight : 0 @.@ 314
The following countries , listed in order of broadcast date , had confirmed that they would broadcast the anniversary programme .
The following list of countries , members of the EBU , had not announced their intention to broadcast the programme .
Millennium Group consultant Frank Black (Lance Henriksen) travels to North Dakota to find a growing serial killer who has moved from horse attacks to the attack and murder of people.
My part is from the floor to the roof of the house. Yours is from the roof to the firmament.
Green Wing's plot revolves around the life of the staff of the East Hampton Hospital Trust, a fictional NHS hospital with staff ranging from the unusual slightly to the totally surreal.
Subsequently, Gill attacked the first episode of the two-series, in particular the use of a dream sequence at the beginning of the episode. He wrote,
Green Wing also won the Comedy.co.uk Prizes several times, including the Comedy Of the Year Prize in 2006.
A cocktail called the green wing was served at BAFTA 2005. It is made using vodka, cloudy apple juice, cordial mineral water and sparkling with elder blossom.
Ma suffered from depression in her last years, and committed suicide in September 2004.
The tour is currently sponsored by Mazda.
Dæmonen never placed in Amusement today Golden Ticket Awards.
The codes used for the @-@ four-hand telegraph are not known, and none of the equipment survived. It is not even known which letters were assigned to the twelve possible codes.
Fort resigned from his seat in 1796 and returned to private life in Northampton.
In the United Kingdom , the UK Press Card Authority ( a voluntary consortium of news agencies ) issues a standardized national map to UK-based information collectors @-@ .
For freelance journalists, organizations such as the National Writers' Union, Professional Publishers Association.
Matthew Fox submitted this episode for consideration for the outstanding lead actor in a drama series for the 59th Primetime Emmy Awards.
Starting with the reformist administration of Kiselyov, the two countries have experienced a series of profound changes, political, social and cultural.
Pinoy is an unofficial name that refers to the Filipino people in the Philippines and their culture, as well as to the overseas Filipinos of the Philippine diaspora.
The name Spencer has gained popularity over time. In the 19th century, it also became popular as a given name — especially in the most anglicized regions of the United States.
Jewish ( Ashkenazic ) : Speiser – professional name of a grocer, of a subsequent semantic development of " Speiser " .
Latin Medieval – , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
b.- ,- dispensator of money , provisions etc . ; someone working in or in charge of butter ; a domestic intendant
Anglo @-@ French – , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
Middle English – , e ) and spence – larder ; , steward . With the agent suffix – it becomes , butler or steward .
Here is a small selection of remarkable Spencers.
Hugh the Despenser I (died 1238) was a wealthy landowner in the eastern Midlands of England, as well as the high sheriff of Berkshire.
Elizabeth Spencer (soprano) was a recording artist for Thomas Alva Edison.
Prince William, Duke of Cambridge the eldest son of Diana, Princess of Wales second in line to the thrones of the United Kingdom and fifteen other Commonwealth kingdoms.
Prince Harry second son of Diana, Princess of Wales.
where is the Stefan – Boltzmann constant. As the position of a star on the HR diagram shows its approximate brightness, this relationship can be used to estimate its radius.
This relationship applies to the main stars of the @-@ sequence in the interval 0 @@ 1 – 50 M.
where M and L are the mass and brightness of the star, respectively, <formula> is a solar mass, <formula> is the solar brightness, and <formula> is the estimated lifespan of the star's main sequence.
Arnett , David , Supernovae et nucleosynthesis , Princeton University Press , Princeton , 1996 .
Bahcall, John N., Neutrino Astrophysics, Cambridge University Press, Cambridge, 1989.
Barnes , C.A. , Clayton , D.D. , and Schramm , D.N. (ed. ) , Nuclear Astrophysics Tests , Cambridge University Press , Cambridge , 1982 .
Bowers, Richard L., and Deeming, Terry, Astrophysics I: Stars, Jones and Bartlett, Publishers, Boston, 1984.
Chandrasekhar , S. , Introduction to the Study of the Star Structure , Dover Publications , Inc . , New York , 1967 .
Clayton, Donald D., Principles of Stellar Evolution and Nucleosynthesis, University of Chicago Press, Chicago, 1983.
Cox , J. P. , and, R. T. , Principles of the Stellar , Gordon and Breach Structure , New York , 1968 .
Hansen , Carl J. , Kawaler , Steven D. , and Trimble , Virginia Stellar Interiors : Physical Principles , Structure , and Evolution , Second Edition , Springer @-@ Verlag , New York , 2004 .
Padmanabhan , T. , Theoretical Astrophysics , Cambridge University Press , Cambridge , 2002 .
Novotny, Eva, Introduction to Stellar Atmospheres and Interior, Oxford University Press, New York, 1973.
Shore, Steven N., The tapestry of modern astrophysics, John Wiley and Sons, Hoboken, 2003 .
During his years of law school, his parents separated. Falk maintained minimal contact with his father, but remained very close to his mother until his death in 1988.
Falk's first book, The Bald Truth, was published on February 3, 2009.
Falk's 2014 NBA player customers are in bold, while its non @-@ NBA player customers are in italics.
Little Wapwallopen Creek entered the Geographic Names Information System on August 2, 1979 . Its identifier in the Eastern Geographical Names Information System.
The Little Wapwallopen Creek Green Lane has been proposed as an open space conservation area, Greenways & Outdoor Recreation Master Plan for Luzerne County and Lakewanna County.
The first @-@ air raid exercises for the Berlin Central Government District, which included the Reich Chancery, took place in the fall of 1937. The protocol for exercises stated, in part:
After the war, Walker became a companion to the commander of Massachusetts of the Military Order of the United States Loyalist Legion.
The priests of Aiki @-@ jinjas continue to oversee the ceremony of Aiki @-@ jinjas in the honor of Ueshiba every 29 April at the Aiki Shrine in Iwama.
At that time, I was illuminated: the source of: the love of God – the spirit of loving protection for all beings...
His second experience took place in 1940 when he embarked on the ritual process of purification of misogi.
His third experience was in 1942 during the worst battles of the Second World War, Ueshiba had a vision of the " Great Spirit of Peace " .
Medal of Honour ( Japan ) , 1960 .
Order of the Rising Sun, Gold Rays with Rosette, 1964.
Order of the Sacred Treasure (Japan), 1968.
Adapted credits from Change Line Notes, Island Records.
On November 3, 1999, the City of Chicago established Lincoln Avenue TIF, including the Lincoln Village Shopping Centre area.
Stone declared his political philosophy as "You take care of the people who take care of you - you know, the people who voted for you. It's not Chicago politics, it's Politics 101 ".
In the United Kingdom, the publisher Monopoly Waddingtons produced its first non @-@ London edition in 1989 , creating a limited edition based on Leeds as a charitable fundraiser.
The official website of the American Monopoly
The history of Landlord's Game and Monopoly.
Online photo album of many American historical ensembles Monopoly , by Charles Darrow 's sets until the 1950s
Under the Boardwalk – The MONOPOLY Story – Film detailing the history of the game with interviews including Phil Orbanes, Randolph Barton, Victor Watson, & Charles Darrow II.
Ranking and Organization: Captain , U.S. Army , Intelligence Advisor , Special Operations
Among the military decorations of Capt. Humbert Roque Versace are:
In 2014, Volkswagen published the results of the @-@ life cycle evaluation of its NORD-certified electric vehicles, and the independent inspection agency.
Robin Olds' ribbons as they appeared in retirement.
From top, and from left to right: Command Pilot.
Line 1: Air Force Cross; Air Force Distinguished Service Medal, a cluster of oak leaves.
Line 2: Silver Star, three clusters of oak leaves; Legion of Merit; Distinguished flight cross, five clusters of oak leaves.
Line 3: Air medal, with 39 clusters of oak leaves.
Line 4: Air Force Medal of Honour; Presidential Unit Quote , with cluster of oak leaves; Outstanding Unit Award , with two clusters of oak leaves; American Defense Service Medal .
Line 6: Vietnam Service Medal; Air Force Long Service Award, with six clusters of oak leaves; Small Arms Expertise Medal; Legion of Honour.
Line 7 : War Cross ( France ) , with star ; Vietnam Air War Cross with Golden Wings ; Country Medal of the Republic of Vietnam .
The title and coverage of the EP are references to U2 's 1985 EP Wide Wake Up in America. All titles were recorded by Alastair McMillan, and mixed by EP producer Declan Gaffney.
All the lyrics written by Bono, all the music composed by U2.
The novel follows the adventure of four bears , Kallik (a polar bear ) , Lusa (a black bear ) , Toklo (a brown bear ) and Ujurak (a brown bear ) .
Only a poetic hymn in demotic writing has been preserved. However, there are many surviving examples of late Egyptian hymns @-@ period written in hieroglyphs on the walls of the temple.
Track listing adapted from AllMusic.
The credits are adapted from AllMusic .
The storm was the only one to form in the Mozambique Canal in June. Moreover, it was the strongest storm to form so late in the season.
The following is adapted from album liner notes.
In another open exhibition of dissent, the vessel's boilers had been altered by one of the crew. The special blubber @-@ fire boilers had disappeared, apparently thrown overboard.
Hamasaki launched its own fashion brand, MTRLG ( Material Girl), in 2001; the clothes were sold in the MTRLG stores and in the Mise S stores.
On 21 January , jurors were taken to sites involved in the case , including the house rented by Wright , which they saw only from outside , and the areas where the victims were found .
However, other family members seemed satisfied with the verdict. Gemma Adams' father said:
The assassinations have refocused the attention of the press on a number of controversial issues in British politics.
On December 3, 2012, Wright announced that he would launch a third appeal against his conviction.
The case was presented in an episode of the Real Crime documentary series.
He had three sons by his first marriage and began his second marriage in 1980.
Darling holds the record for the highest number of rounds in a full test match career ( 60 ), without being fired lbw.
Robert G. Carter gave a brief description of his appearance in the War Letters first published in 1897:
Sharpsburg . was taken prisoner by Stuart 's
In 2015 Intrada Records, which previously released Jaws 3 @-@ D on CD, released the complete score.
Comedian Richard made a popular @-@ up routine stand based on the movie.
The film is listed in Golden Raspberry Founding Award John Wilson 's book The Official Razzie Film Guide as one of the 100 most popular films ever made.
Some atheists doubted the very necessity of the term "atheism". In his book Letter to a Christian Nation, Sam Harris wrote:
The broadest delimitation of atheistic logic is between practical and theoretical atheism.
Other Indian philosophies generally regarded as atheists include classical Samkhya and Purva. The rejection of a personal creative God is also seen in Jainism and Buddhism in India.
G.J. Holyoake was the last person (1842) imprisoned in Britain for atheistic beliefs. Stephen Law states that Holyoake " first invented the term " secularism " .
According to the Australian Bureau of Statistics, 22 per cent of Australians have " no religion " , which includes atheists.
Richard Marin Scrushy (born August 1952 in Selma, Alabama) is an American businessman and founder of HealthSouth Corporation, a global healthcare company based in Birmingham, Alabama.
In any event , the Louisiana Istrict [ D ] quickly became part of a separately administered Louisiana [ T ] , effective July 4, 1805 .
I am deeply grateful to the President for his extreme kindness. I am not interested in life without work at a distance. But do you have to print something on me?
Future gravitational wave observatories could see primordial gravitational waves, early universe relics, up to less than a second of the Big Bang.
In the event of inflation , exponential expansion would push large regions of space far beyond our observable horizon .
A refinement proposed to avoid this would be @-@ being singularity is to develop a correct treatment of quantum gravity.
We do not know what could have preceded the hot dense state of the early universe or how and why it was born, although speculation abounds in the domain of cosmogony.
Models including the Hartle – Hawking no @-@ border condition, in which the entire @-@ time space is finished; the Big Bang represents the time limit but without any singularity.
Eternal inflation , in which universal inflation ends locally here and there in a random way , each end @-@ point leading to a universe of bubbles , developing from its own big bang .
Proposals in the last two categories, see the Big Bang as an event in a much larger and older universe or in a multiverse.
The following credits are from the album Hasta la Raíz lineer notes .
The whole road is in Sheridan County.
Americium studs are known for oxidation states + 2 , + 3 and + 4 , where + 3 is the most stable , especially in solutions .
This is the first Genesis album to credit the songwriters individually, as opposed to the entire band.
This honour is noted in his record of service now held at the Public Record Office, with the words: "The most valiant NCO at the Battle of Waterloo chosen by the Duke of Wellington."
Adapted credits from album notes .
The film ends with the 50 Tucker Sedans being driven into the streets of downtown Chicago, admired by everyone at their passage.
Tradition Plaza – Marks the entrance to the memorial and reflects on Aggie traditions.
To further honour the victims , in 2000 the Aggie Replanting Committee planted twelve live oak trees on Polo grounds .
The song was presented in the titles of the first series of Serbia 's Next Top Model.
Adapted credits from Sweet's Liner Notes 7 .
and that the attacks should be directed against British aircraft carriers and merchants.
All songs written and composed by Thom Yorke except "Guess Again!" by Thom Yorke and Colin Greenwood.
Adapted from the vinyl packaging of Tomorrow's Modern Boxes.
Awindra Pratap Pandey, the man who was attacked, is a software engineer from Gorakhpur, Uttar Pradesh, who lives in Ber Sarai, New Delhi; he suffered from broken limbs but survived.
Delhi police filed a indictment sheet against the accused on 13 March in Ram Adhar's robbery.
The police stated that peaceful demonstrations had been " hijacked " by hooligans and political activists.
New Year's celebrations have been reduced to a large extent , with Indian armed forces and some Delhi clubs and hotels canceling their New Year's celebrations .
In Paris, people took part in a march at the Indian embassy where a petition was handed over asking for actions to make India safer for women.
In a March 2015 interview with The Tribune, the Minister of Women and Child Development Maneka Gandhi said the government is moving forward with a law that treats minors as adults in serious crimes.
The main railway line crossing Norrland crossed the Lule River there.
The intersection of the main line with the Luleå - Narvik line was located there.
The most important intersection at Norrbotten was there.
The most appropriate crossing points over the Lule River were located there.
The distance to the coast was long enough to prevent a surprise attack by a naval landing force.
The topography of the area was suitable for a modern fortress.
Hardy is involved in motocross, music, painting, and other artistic efforts. He is currently a member of the group Peroxwhy? gen, with which he released two studio albums.
Match of the Year (2001) with Matt Hardy vs. The Dudley Boyz and Edge and Christian in a table, The Ladies, and the chairs match at WrestleMania X @-@ Seven
Fire of the year ( 2009 ) in relation to punk CM
The worst match of the year at work ( 2011 ) compared to Sting at Victory Road
Wagiman should disappear in the first half of the century, as the youngest generation of Wagiman people do not speak Wagiman at all, and understand very little.
The small number of Wagiman speakers are also partial speakers of a number of other languages outside Mayali, including Jaminjung , Wardaman and.
All grammatical information from Wilson , S. ( 1999 ) unless otherwise stated .
Pronouns are also nominal, but their morphosyntactical alignment is nominative – accusitive rather than ergonomic – absolute.
For these reasons, pronouns are also labelled as a basis for nominative pronouns – egative, and oblique for adversarial pronouns – dative.
This would be prohibited by the restriction against case stacking in Wagiman if genitive -gin was a suffix of cases.
Each verb is listed with its past time marker, which is the second morph. Pronunciation given if necessary.
Each is listed with the suffix -ma (or its , ) , which signals aspectal.
Wagiman does not do this. A nasal in a coda retains its position regardless of the following consonant:
If Wagiman limited against the clusters and assimilated them for the place, as the English does, these words would surface as [-] , [-] , and [-] .
Wagiman's vowel harmony and other aspects of Wagiman's phonotactic require further investigation. It is not known, for example, whether vowel harmony also affects unstressed syllables.
Wagiman is a morphologically rich language and each part of the speech has its own set of associated bound morphems, some of which are mandatory, while others are optional.
The names are also marked for the number with a suffix that is added directly to the root , within the case suffix . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Covers are however differentiated from nominals , in the sense that a nominal cannot take on the suffixes of appearance that a cover necessarily takes on .
Takao's brother 's 24 @-@ year @-@ old girlfriend is friendly with Takao and fascinated by her shoe @-@ making . It is expressed by Yukai in Japanese and Brittney Karbowski in English .
Matsumoto is Takao's classmate and friend, as well as Satō's boyfriend. It is expressed by: Inoue in Japanese and Mike Yager in English.
Satō is a second-year student at Takao High School and a friend. She is expressed by Megumi Han in Japanese and Alison Sumrall in English.
The World Health Organization recommends three or four doses from the age of two months . It may be started earlier but then additional doses are needed .
In the United States, it costs between USD 25 and 50 for the inactivated form.
That Stretford and Salford are not administratively one with Manchester is one of England's most curious anomalies.
The Lowry Hotel, the first five-star hotel to be built in Greater Manchester, is on the Salford side of the Irwell River.
From the formation of the Cent of Salford, the entire region was in the diocese of Lichfield. This diocese was divided in 1541, when the See of Chester was created.
Salford Quays was used as a large international triathlon site, but a 2009 was cancelled due to a lack of competitors.
During the first part of the 20th century, the driveway was staged at the Albion Stadium.
Both numbers were digest @-@ size , with 132 pages , and were valued at 35 cents . The numbers were numbered in one volume with two numbers .
Before the event went live on salary @-@ per @-@ view, Val Venis defeated Rob Conway in a dark match.
Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 versions, as well as the PC edition, are only multiplayer online. There is no shared local game @-@ screen.
Dickens spoke loudly about Procter's rapid intelligence. Through his account, the young Procter mastered without difficulty the subjects to which she turned her attention:
With his kids shaking at his feet.
Until the dawn of the winter day. ( 51 – 58 )
The name Irruputuncu derives from Aymara iru thorny of Peruvian feathered grass and a small vessel or hole, pit, crater.
After publishing Broken Sword's Director 's Cut , Revolution published a remastered edition of the second game , entitled Broken Sword : The Smoking Mirror – Remastered , in 2010.
In recognition of his performances, Tallon was named one of the five Wisden Cricketers of the year in 1949.
Tallon was rested for the second round against Leicestershire, which Australia won by a round with Saggers behind the stumps.
Tallon's performances during the English summer saw him named by Wisden as one of his five Cricketters of the year.
In August 2004 Borland joined Limp Bizkit , which began recording another album , The Undiscusable Truth ( Part 1 ) .
Total Austrian / Württemberg force : 20 @,@ 000 men .
There is less biodiversity in the mined area; in particular, regenerated and reforested areas have less biodiversity than areas that have undergone natural succession.
Various efforts have been made to reduce the environmental impact of the industry.
All songs written by Damon Albarn, Graham Coxon, Alex James and Dave Rowntree.
Grade IV: Prolapsus with inability to be reduced manually.
External hemorrhoids occur below the toothed line or pectinate. They are proximally covered by the skin and distally by the skin, both of which are sensitive to pain and temperature.
A number of @-@ desktop-based procedures can be performed. Although generally safe, rare serious side effects such as perianal sepsis can occur.
Long-term outcomes are generally good, although some people may have recurrent symptomatic episodes. Only a small proportion of people end up in need of surgery.
Although Tarr spent most of his rugby career with Oxford and Leicester, he was recorded as a club team representative.
They must be Singaporean citizens 21 years of age or older.
Their names must be entered in a register of current voters.
They must have been residents of Singapore for at least 10 years.
They must be able to speak, read and write in at least one of the four official languages (English, Malay, Mandarin and Tamil).
They must not be disqualified under article 45 of the Constitution .
Amendments to the Constitution .
Any motion relating to a bill amending an Appropriation Bill , a Supplementary Appropriation Bill or a Final Appropriation Bill . ( These are bills authorizing the government to spend public funds . )
Any motion relating to a bill to amend a finance bill .
A motion of censure against the government.
Denunciation of the President .
The NCMPs raised and debated a wide range of issues in Parliament . Here are some of the most important issues mentioned .
The following buildings were observed to be influenced by Saarinen 's 1922.
A NATO spokesman stated that NATO " regrets the loss of life of any Pakistani military " .
Germany: Guido Westerwelle, Minister of Foreign Affairs of Germany, deplored the attack during a phone call in Pakistan and said he supported an investigation on this subject.
Major Mujahid Ali Mirani Shaheed .
Captain Usman Ali Shaheed.
Using the PAF? – Deal militarily and not @-@ militarily with the United States without direct offensive confrontation.
American rock band Zebrahead covered the song and released it as a single for their Panty Raid cover album.
At the Athens Olympic Games, four athletes (three men and one woman) participated in three sports in four separate events. Swimmer Roshendra Vrolijk was Aruba's flag bearer during the ceremonies.
Up to now , Aruban athletes have met the qualification standards for the following athletic events ( up to a maximum of 3 athletes for each event in Standard A , and 1 in Standard B ) .
Note: Only the first five positions are included for both classification sets.
All the lyrics written by Billie Joe Armstrong, except where noted, all the music composed by Green Day.
Credits for warnings adapted from line notes .
Vidya Balan like Lolita. A woman of dignity with unwavering love for Shekhar. A charming singer, who resigned in the circumstances, maintaining her respect when facing insult.
Sanjay Dutt as Girish . Simple and simple character that plays the moral support of Lolita with warmth and compassion .
Raima Sen as Koel. Lolita 's playful, malicious and happy cousin who 's alive, peppy and lives through every moment.
Diya Mirza like Gayatri. Short but a sneaky character who aspires to Shekhar with its charm and beauty.
Sabyasachi Chakrabarty like Naveen Roy. Cold in the heart, a cunning and conniving businessman who even places human values and relationships under his greed for money.
Surinder Kaur like Rajeshwari. Shekhar's mother who looks with contempt at how badly her husband treats neighbors and gets sick.
Tina Dutta as a teenager Lolita.
Supriya Shukla like Sunita.
Rekha in a special appearance in the song "Kaisi Paheli" .
George Baker as Sir William Eckhart.
Sanjay Dutt's choice was due to his versatility, said Chopra in an interview. He also said that Sanjay's affable nature was a plus during the film's production.
Since Sarkar knew the city of Kolkata very well, the film was mainly shot there. While most of the film was made in Kolkata, a small part was shot in Darjeeling.
The film also won an important prize in the form of two Star Screen Awards, three Zee Cine Awards among a notable prize. Apart from these, the film was nominated for an eclectic mix of prizes.
The soundtrack of Parineeta was published by Tips Music in April 2005 in positive reviews.
He was the father of Andrew Caspersen and three other sons.
Republika Srpska officials responsible for camp management have since been charged and convicted of crimes against humanity and war crimes.
Although known in the fandom for its spoken narration, Conway is also the author of several news articles published in various publications of the press.
Gordon also affected the nearby Bahamas, producing 46 mph ( 74 km / h ) sustained winds in Kemps Bay, Andros.
Due to the damage of the harvest in Florida, the price of vegetables across the United States has increased. There were about 25 @,@000 insurance claims after the storm.
Ishikawa won his second World Series ring when the Giants beat the Kansas City Royals four games on three.
There were many ports to contemporary systems, most of them by Atari, Inc. or its software label for non @-@ Atari platforms, Atarisoft.
Video game designer Jeff Minter based several of his games on the design of Defender.
In 2004 Tim Waggoner wrote a novel on video game.
Defender and other Midway properties appear in the Toy @-@ at @-@ Title of the game Lego Dimensions . Defender's ship plays a role in the final battle against the wicked Game Lord .
The whole road is in Chautauqua County.
Lord Randall put forward the idea of gradually abolishing hereditary peers by disqualifying their heirs.
Baroness Jay reminded the House that under the Salisbury Convention they could not block the bill.
Prior to Royal Assent , the Lords had adopted a standing order providing for the election of peers . The order provided for the election:
Mega Man 6 was released on Japanese mobile phones via i @-@ mode service in 2007.
In Egypt . The string of narrators of this manuscript ends with Al @-@.
Lou Perryman as Sheriff Charles B.
To enjoy the magnificence of a mountain, you have to look up in most cases. To enjoy Mount Huangshan, however, you have to look down.
Huangshan was formed about 100 million years ago and won its unique rock formations in the Quaternary Glaciation.
In 2002, Huangshan was named the sister mountain of Jungfrau in the Swiss Alps.
Huangshan has an oceanic climate ( Cfb ) according to the climate classification of Köppen . Its elevation makes it colder and wetter than the rest of the Anhui .
questioned a material witness on his veracity and reasons as a witness other than during the hearing and in the presence of the complainant and his counsel.
After ploughing in many lower lives.
To my community and my faith.
To meet him and sit at his feet Lotus.
The Gurus Sikh , Singapore: Sri Guru Nanak Sat Sang Sabha , 1991 , OCLC.
Amar Shahed Santa Singha : Martyr of the Sikh Faith , Harpenden , Hertfordshire : European Institute of Sikh Studies , 1997 , OCLC.
Case briefs from Mr. Justice Choor Singh of the Supreme Court of Singapore, Singapore: [Family of Choor Singh ] , 2003 , OCLC.
Who is Sikh? : And other essays on several others No @-@ Sikh Punjabi Religious Societies other than Hindus and Muslims , Singapore : [ Choor Singh Sidhu ] , 2004 , OCLC.
Acid erosion of the teeth can be a characteristic of rumination, as can halitosis (bad breath).
Patients visit on average five doctors over 2 @.@ 75 years before being properly diagnosed with Rumination Syndrome.
There is little evidence about the impact of hereditary influence in rumination syndrome. However, cases involving whole families with rumination exist.
For the television director and producer, see Jeff Pollack.
For the music and media consultant, see Jeff Pollack.
In 2011 Pollack launched Federated Sports + Gaming ( FS + G) and the Epic Poker League, where he was Executive President.
Early in 2015, Pollack was hired as a special advisor to the San Diego shippers.
A dark grey cell indicates that the character was not in the film.
A ^ T indicates that the character reappears in a television series.
An A indicates that the actor or actress appears via archived images of previous films.
Note: Only the first five positions are included for both classification sets.
Gröning described himself as a "office person" and contented himself with his role in the SS salary administration, which granted him both the administrative and military aspects he wanted of a career.
Gröning then began to receive phone calls and letters from foreigners who tried to tell him Auschwitz was not actually a place to exterminate human beings in the gas chambers.
I saw the crematories, I saw the burning pits, and I want you to believe that these atrocities happened.
He also wrote memoirs for his family, composed of 87 pages.
A summary of the quadrupeds. John Monk, 1771.
Generation of birds. Balfour and, 1773.
A history of quadrupeds. John Monk, 1781.
Free thought on the laws of the Militia. Benjamin White, 1781.
The trip to Snowdon. Henry Hughs, 1781.
Chester's trip to London. Benjamin White, 1782.
George Allan (private press), 1788.
From London. Robert Faulder, 1790.
Indian Zoology. Robert Faulder, 1790.
Letter to a Member of Parliament: On Mail @-@ Coaches. R. Faulder , 1792 .
The literary life of the late Thomas Pennant. Benjamin and J. White, 1793.
The history of the parishes of Whiteford and Holywell. Benjamin and J. White, 1796.
Western Hinduostan. Henry Hughs, 1798.
The point of view of India extra, China, and Japan. L. Hansard, 1800.
The View of the Malayan Isles, New Holland, and the Spicy Islands. John White, 1800.
Trip from London to Wight Island. E. Harding, 1801.
From Dover to Wight Island. Wilson, 1801.
A visit from Downing to Alston @-@ Moor . E. Harding , 1801 .
A visit to Alston @-@ Moor at, and Crags. J. Scott, 1804.
The engo " water " ( " brood " , but a pun on the naga @-@ like " long rain " ) , , and , ( " a river of tears " ) ( " is soaked " ) .
Poet and translator Peter McMillan says that the large number of Narihira poems included in the Kokinshū and later court anthologies is an indicator of the high consideration in which his poetry was held.
Les Contes d'Ise is a collection of narrative episodes, centered on Narihira, presenting poems he had composed, as well as narratives explaining what had inspired the poems.
The end of the 11th @-@ century Tale of , refers to Ise by variant name , Chūjō no Nikki ( " Narihira newspaper " ) .
Despite the content, Groucho 's 13 @-@ year @-@ old son Arthur found the show " extremely funny " , although admitting that he would have been " a very easy audience " .
Commenting on the series, Maggs said it was his favorite among the comedies he had directed, and described how they were executed.
Operation Head Start took place at the base from September to December 1958 and demonstrated that a continuous air alert could be successfully maintained.
Operation Head Start eventually leads to Operation Chrome Dome. Chrome Dome was an operation where bombers would be in constant airborne alert and relax at points just outside of the Soviet Union.
The military adapted to Loring had many facilities at their disposal, including the Family Service Center, the Family Services Lending Closet and the Corey Center.
The main dining room on the base was named Dahlgren Hall, after Edward Dahlgren, from Maine, who was a recipient of the Medal of Honour for his actions during the Second World War.
The following year Stratus enthroned Lita in the WWE Hall of Fame.
Stratus co @-@ played in the movie 2015, like the villain Gina.
The worst game of the year (2002) with Bradshaw against Christopher Nowinski and Jackie Gayda on Raw, July 7th
Sir Granville Bantock wrote "Thalaba the Destroyer – Symphony Poem" (1899) based on the poem.
Adapted credits from Teenage Dream's Liner Notes: The Full Confectionery.
Adapted credits from AllMusic .
The following are the rules of baseball for Dr. Pepper Ballpark.
A baseball shot above the yellow line in the outside is considered a home run.
A baseball that hits the yellow line of fair line under the fence is at stake.
A baseball that hits the yellow fair line above the fence is a home run.
No player is allowed to climb the stairs leading into the bullpens to catch a ball.
If a ball is caught in one of the grids leading to the stands, the ball is considered dead and the base runner is allowed a base.
If a player grabs a ball and falls into the landing, the drummer is excluded and the base runner is allowed to a base.
If a baseball hit anywhere on the landing, it is considered out of play.
If a baseball hits the green fence, the ball is at stake.
A player is allowed to lean on the tarp to catch a fly ball, but not stand on the tarp.
Cirque du Soleil's travelling production is inspired by The Tempest .
Ernest Chausson: In 1888 he wrote fortuitous music for the French translation of Mauritius. It is believed that it was the first orchestral work that made use of the celestial.
Malcolm Arnold, Lennox Berkeley, Arthur Bliss, Engelbert Humperdinck, Hector Berlioz, Willem and Henry Purcell.
Ilium and his sequel Dan Simmons' Olympos are strongly influenced by The Tempest, a part of the plot dedicated to a re @-@ imagining the characters of The Tempest in a distant sci @-@ fi futur.
As part of Random House's Shakespeare Hogarth series of Shakespeare's contemporary resuscitation plays by contemporary writers, Margaret Atwood 2016 novel Hag @-@ Seed is based on The Tempest .
In 1979, host George Dunning, director of Yellow Submarine, planned an animated version of The Tempest; but died working on it.
Several other television versions of the play have been broadcasted; among the most remarkable is the production of the BBC Shakespeare 1980, almost complete, with Michael Hordern as Prospero.
Wishbone of the PBS series presented a television adaptation of "The Tempest " in its episode "of " with Wishbone as Ariel.
In the 2010 film version of Julie Taymor of The Tempest, Prospero is a woman named Prospera, played by Helen Mirren.
The Stratford Shakespeare Festival of Canada presented a 2010 version in which Christopher Plummer played Prospero . It was then filmed in hi @-@ def and is now available on DVD .
There are some controversies about some of the exact details of some uniforms, as some of the files were lost or destroyed after the end of the civil war.
In the Confederate artillery, a normal junior officer had two rows of seven uniformly spaced buttons, grouped in pairs, while a senior officer could have up to eight buttons in two rows.
According to the Confederate Navy's dress code, shoulder straps had to be worn differently according to rank.
captains wore the same shoulder straps as flag officers, but with three stars also spaced, each six @-@ tenths of an inch in diameter.
The commanders also had the same straps, but with only two stars.
The lieutenants had the same straps, with one, central, star.
The straps worn by the masters had the same design, but without stars.
Past midshipmen wore a band of gold lace four inches long and a half inch wide.
For a midshipman, there were no shoulder straps to wear.
For a flag officer, the hat had an anchor in an open crown of oak leaves, with four stars above the anchor. They had to be embroidered in gold according to the pattern.
For a captain, the same thing as a flag officer, except that there were only three stars above the anchor, and the gold band was one and one @-@ half inches wide.
For a commander, he had to be the same as for a captain, except that there were only two stars.
For a lieutenant, the same thing as a captain, except there was only one star.
For a master, the same as for a captain, except there was no star.
For a past midshipman, an anchor without a crown.
For a midshipman, there were no hats to wear.
The song was nominated for the best Rap/Sung collaboration and the best Rap song at the 2015 Grammy Awards.
Adapted credits from Yeezus line notes.
Before the event went live on pay @-@ per @-@ view, Rob Conway defeated Tajiri in a recorded match for Heat, one of WWE's secondary TV shows.
Adapted credits for Liner Notes for Future History .
All Anarchy Online humanoid breeds follow traditional RPG archetypes.
The Atrox is a warrior / tank archetype that have excellent strength and endurance but a poor intelligence and psychic.
The , follows an archetype of castre and possesses a weak strength and endurance, but a high and psychic intelligence.
The , follows a traditional archetype of thief / thug and has low endurance and psychical but great agility and meaning.
Finally, the Solitus follows the typical human archetype and has average race statistics of all choices.
Note that there are no limitations in @-@ race occupation combinations, although some races will encounter as many statistics as possible for some traits earlier than others.
In 2010 the player community became involved in the game development, the @-@ community created inventory icons and the planet map being accepted into the official game.
The ultimate challenge was to integrate air power into MacArthur's strategy. Kenney described the process this way in 1944:
In his spare time, he is an amateur painter and yoga practitioner Ashtanga.
There is plenty of green and blown, they are equal and equal in magnitude; when they are young, their flesh is as good as the young Pigeons.
Leguat and his men hesitated to hunt parrots because they were so tamed and easy to catch. Leguat's group took a parrot as a pet and was able to teach him to talk:
As the type of parrot mentioned here by Leguat is not specified, some sources attribute it to Newton's Parakeet, and others to Rodrigues' parrot.
The next day, Tara tells Willow that she is special and that she has an important power. Riley comes to visit Buffy in her room and they sit face to face, saying nothing.
Deadspin ranked Leaf 6th best NFL player of all time in 2011, opining "To call Leaf a bust is unfair for the Blair Thomases and David Carrs of the world."
More recently, Dish Network included Leaf in their "Biggest NFL Bust Bracket" where he was a "1 Seed" with his busty colleagues Jamarcus Russell, Tony, and David Carr.
In October 2009, he went to work in Vancouver, British Columbia, as business manager @-@ development for a travel business.
In September 2010, the Associated Press reported that Leaf spent time with his family in Montana.
In June 2011, he had a benign tumor from his brain stem surgically removed.
In May 2014, Leaf was incarcerated at Crossroads Correctional Institution in Shelby, Montana.
B. Section . Banksia ( 9 series , 50 species , 9 subspecies , 3 varieties )
B. Sec. Coccinea ( 1 species )
B. Ser. Spicigerae ( 7 species , 2 subspecies , 4 varieties )
B. ser . Tricuspidae ( 1 species )
B. ser . Dryandrideae ( 1 species )
B. sphaerocarpa ( 5 varieties )
B. leptophylla ( 2 varieties )
B. meisneri ( 2 subspecies )
B. Nutans ( 2 varieties )
B. Subg . Isostylis ( 3 species )
Tales of Symphony produced seven manga adaptations after its release: six collections of anthology and a series of traditional manga.
Various countries, including Algeria , Argentina , Bangladesh , Myanmar , Egypt , Iran , Lebanon , Malaysia , Morocco , Nigeria , Sri Lanka , and Uruguay, have expressed interest in the JF @-@ 17 .
Thrust / weight : 0 @.@ 95
C ( s ) + H2O ( g ) → CO ( g ) + H2 ( g ) .
The NOC cycle is an additional melting mechanism that feeds the stars, in which carbon works as a catalyst.
The diamond supply chain is controlled by a limited number of powerful companies , and is also heavily concentrated in a small number of locations around the world ( see figure ) .
Carbon generally has a low toxicity to life on Earth; but carbon nanoparticles are lethal to Drosophila.
Surrounding the lantern is a concrete gallery, accessible by a door in the lantern wall, with a white painted balustrade, and a 1990 ramp. The solar panels are mounted on the gallery.
The lighthouse was added to the Queensland Heritage Register in 2004.
Collegiate football has grown considerably over the last two decades of the 19th century. Several major rivalries date back to this period.
The Easter text with the name Warren Robinett was removed from the version on Atari Classics 10 @-@ in @-@ 1 TV Games standalone game unit, replaced by " TEXT ? " .
Adventure received most positive criticism in the years immediately after its release and was generally seen positively in the following decades.
The Easter Adventure egg has become a cornerstone of Easter egg hunting hidden in the fictional virtual reality game OASIS in the novel Ready Player One.
In 1967 Prawer was president of the Humanities Section of the Academy of Sciences and Humanities of Israel and was elected as a corresponding member of the Medieval Academy of America.
In 1969, he received the Israel Prize in Humanities.
In 1969 he also received an honorary doctorate from the University of Montpellier.
In 1974, he also received the Rothschild Prize and the Knight's Order of the National Order of Merit.
In 1982, he received a feastschrift containing articles of twenty @-@ two historians at a special conference in Jerusalem.
In 1987 Prawer and his colleagues hosted the Second International Conference of the Society for the Study of Crusades and Latin East.
In 1989 he was honoured as Yakir Yerushalayim (Jerusalem Distinguished Citizen).
Visibility , measured in metres for most sites around the world , except in the United States where statutory miles are reported .
Runway visibility, measured in meters in many places around the world, or feet inside the United States.
The amount of precipitation over the last 1 , 3 , 6 or 24 hours is of particular interest to meteorologists to verify the expected amount of precipitation and determine the station.
Snow depth is measured for meteorological and climatological concerns once a day. However, during periods of snowfall, it is measured every six hours to determine the amount of recent snowfall.
In 2002 Irwin and his family appeared in the Wiggles video/DVD Wiggly Safari release, which was staged in the Australian Zoo and presented song and dance inspired by Australian wildlife.
Irwin urged people to participate in attentive tourism and not to support illegal poaching by buying items such as turtle shells or shark soup @-@ fin.
Irwin loved the mixed martial arts competitions and trained with Greg Jackson in the combat/fight system of.
Swimming in the chest @-@ deep water, Irwin approached a picnic with an approximate range of two meters (6 @@ 5 ft ) from the back, to film it while swimming.
Irwin's death is believed to be the only fatality of a Stingray ever captured on video.
On January 1, 2007, Glass House Mountains Road, the road along the Australian Zoo, was officially renamed Steve Irwin Way.
An asteroid discovered in 2001 was named Crikey in honour of Irwin and his " signature phrase " .
Critic Andrew Osmond wrote that the epilogue violated the integrity of the film to "give Fritz survival powers that the film had previously rejected".
Note: Flags indicate the national team as defined by FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non @-@ FIFA nationality.
Note: Flags indicate the national team as defined by FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non @-@ FIFA nationality.
For recent transfers , see List of Cypriot football transfers summer 2016 .
For more former players, see Nea Salamina FC players.
Chris and Ann come back for a guest appearance in the final of the series to advise Leslie in 2025. It is revealed that after Oliver, the couple had a second child, a girl named Leslie.
The credits are adapted from the notes of the Miike Snow liner.
Several years later, a related term " Fighter Mafia " described members of the air force who favoured light fighters well into the fight of the dog @-@ instead of the heavy missile hunters @-@.
Harold L. George, Principal Theorist
Henry H. "Hap" Arnold
Muir S. Fairchild (also an ACTS instructor)
Haywood S. Hansell , Jr . (also an ACTS instructor )
Laurence S. Kuter (also instructor ACTS )
Emmett " Rosie " O ' Donnell, Jr.
The entire highway is in Shiawassee County.
A film adaptation by Ico can be performed on the basis of the success of the adaptation of Shadow of the Colossus created by Misher Films in collaboration with Sony and Fumito Ueda.
Note: The Nevada terminals reset to the county lines; the boundaries of the beginning and end of each county are indicated in the county column.
In 2011, an exhibition was organized at the Tower with fine wire sculptures by Kendra Haste.
The peninsula now houses the clubhouse and marina of the Armdale Yacht Club. Melville Island has been the subject of a number of cultural works, most of which relate to its use as a prison.
Diseases among immigrants included smallpox, typhus and yellow fever. There were 37 recorded deaths.
Mineral veins , some with deposits of lead ore galene , exist in Helvellyn S rocks , but attempts to find sufficient amounts of lead to be the value of mining have not been successful .
Among many human exploits on the mountain, one of the strangest was the landing and take-off @-@ of a small plane on the summit in 1926.
As much of the main ridge of the range, Helvellyn stands on the watershed between Thirlmere and the Derwent River system to the west, and Ullswater and the Eden River system to the east.
A total of five ridges diverge from the peak of Helvellyn at different points.
The north ridge, the main ridge of the range, also descends from the lower man, passing through the white side and lifting it to the collar of the sticks, then over Dodd and Great Dodd to end at Clough Head.
The northern ridge @-@ is known as the Swirral Edge, a sharp ridge that reaches the summit ridge at a point of half @-@ path along, and ends in the Catstye Cam-shaped pyramid.
The southern ridge continues the main ridge of the Helvellyn chain over Pike Nethermost, High Crag and Pike to finish at Grisedale Tarn.
The whole of Helvellyn, above the conifer plantations to the west and the intake walls surrounding the valleys of Glenridding and Grisedale to the east, is the land Open Access.
The Edge is a popular road that involves a few jammings, connecting the peak of the Helvellyn summit to the summit of the Helvellyn by what becomes a sharp ridge.
Stannah at Legburthwaite is the starting point for the Bridleway at Sticks Pass, from which Helvellyn can be approached along the northern main ridge runway.
Helvellyn can also be included in a circular walk from Patterdale: to String Edge, to Grisedale Tarn and back on St Sunday Crag.
Nethermost Cove also has some itineraries, including a large ravine between the Edge Strating and the back of the cove.
Browncove Crags on the west side of the mountain has a few itineraries to the north @-@. These are easier to access from a parking lot, and they can be connected with Red Tarn roads.
Another fatality on String Edge in 1858 was commemorated by the Dixon Memorial. Robert Dixon de Patterdale was killed while following the ridge.
A portion of the ground had cleared customs and marked an airstrip . Attempts were abandoned on 15 December and 21 December .
A stone tablet on Helvellyn, 40 meters ( 37 m ) south of the shelter, commemorates this landing.
Two unsuccessful attempts to find lead ore on Helvellyn were made.
Brown Cove Mine was high up at the head of Brown Cove, where there are still a few piles of disused treats, with a few levels, one of which ran about 70 m ( 80 yd ) in the side of the mountain.
Some political observers considered Preckwinkle to be a potentially viable candidate in the 2015 municipal elections in Chicago.
Following the first car @-@ titled, Noel Gallagher 's High Flying Birds released their second album Chasing yesterday, March 2, 2015 .
Noel Gallagher confirmed that he was working on High Flying Birds' third album.
However, on the latest Oasis albums, its growing role as lead singer, apparently to compensate for its diminished role as songwriter, caused some tension with Liam.
Gallagher was passionate about his support for Barack Obama ' s successful candidacy for the United States President, calling his acceptance speech to the 2008 National Democratic Convention " bewitching " .
In October 2011, Gallagher told Newsnight that he believed that the then Labour leader Ed Miliband was "totally inspiring and dull," and said he had no idea what he was representing.
And now the Conservatives are just... I mean [... ] David Cameron, he's trying to be your friend. "Oh, I really like The Jam."
Epiphone Les Paul – Gallagher played a model of a cherry sun puff in the early years of the Oasis.
Fender Telecaster – Gallagher uses several , including one , a model of the '60s , was given to Noel by Johnny Depp as a birthday present.
After the scandal, McKinsey put in place new policies and procedures to discourage future indiscretions of consultants, including by investigating the links of other partners with Gupta.
Since 1990, McKinsey has published Value: Measuring and Managing the Value of Companies, a popular book on evaluation. The book is now available in its sixth edition.
The entire highway is located in Fife Lake Township, Grand Traverse County.
The ultimate destiny of a globular cluster must be either to accrete the stars to its heart, causing its constant contraction, or the progressive scattering of the stars of its outer layers.
Astronomers are looking for exoplanets of stars in clusters of globular stars.
NASA Astrophysics Data System has a collection of previous articles, all major astrophysics journals and numerous conference proceedings.
Dendroctone species known to inhabit and rear their young in the fruit bodies of Hapalopilus nidulans include:
Hapalopilus nidulans is highly appreciated by those who make fungus dyes. When used in combination with alkaline fixatives, fruit bodies can produce striking purple colors.
While most public works issues were dealt with by the Minister of Public Works Cushing, after the election of 1909 Rutherford appointed himself as the Premier of the Province's Railways.
During the end credits, Jesus insanely sings, "Happy Birthday" to himself in his television studio.
The 2015 film Ex Machina makes a black film about Frankenstein's myths, with the fatal woman sensual android Ava manipulating the outsider Caleb to commit a crime against his creator Nathan.
The second collection of commercial documents immediately appeared at the top of the New York Times graphic books best @-@ seller list .
The fourth volume received the Goodreads Choice Award for graphic novels and comics in 2015.
The whole road is in Skateateles, Onondaga County.
Low also used a green silk flag with a yellow figure of a man blowing a trumpet; this green Trumpeter was raised on the mizzen peak to call the captains of his fleet to the meetings on board the ship.
It is likely that both reports are accurate and that Low and Lowther shared the same articles, with the two additional Low articles being one, or amendment, adopted after the two crews separated.
I. The captain must have two complete actions; the [quarter] Master must have one share and one half; The Doctor, Mate, Gunner and Boatswain, one share and one quarter.
III . Whoever shall be found guilty of: "in the time of: ", shall suffer the punishment which the captain and the majority of the Company shall deem appropriate.
V. Whoever is found guilty of gambling, or of each other at the value of a Royal of Plate, will suffer this punishment that the captain and the majority of the Company will deem appropriate.
VI . Whoever will have Misfortune to untie a limb in the time of engagement , will have the sum of six hundred pieces of eight , and will remain on board as long as he deems it good .
VII . Good quarters to be given when: .
VIII. Whoever sees a veil first, will have the best Pistol or small arm on board.
IX . Whoever is guilty of drunkenness in the time of the undertaking shall suffer such punishment as the captain and the majority of the Company shall deem appropriate .
X. No. of weapons in the .
Some of Low's haunts, such as the waters around the Shoals Islands off New Hampshire and Upper Island in Nova Scotia, attract treasure hunters looking for artifacts in the ships he sank.
With the Rollins Band, his words focused "almost exclusively on questions of personal integrity", according to critic Geoffrey Welchman.
In 1995 Henry Rollins produced the Australian hard rock band Mark of Cain 's third full @-@ long album Ill in Ease.
Rollins included Cole's story in his oral performances.
The Devil's Tomb (2009 ) , with Cuba Gooding , Jr. and Ron Perlman
Rollins was a playable character in both Def Jam: Fight for NY and Def Jam Fight for NY: The Takeover. Rollins is also Mace Griffin's voice in Mace Griffin: Bounty Hunter.
I'm an Audiophile, an editorial essay in the stereophile magazine.
Iron and The Soul , an editorial essay in the magazine Details .
Ulla is both a tavern nymph and a goddess of a rococo universe of graceful and warm imaginations.
Bellman was a gifted and imitating artist.
King Gustav III called Bellman "He Signs" (The Master Improviser).
Bellman was compared with poets and musicians as diverse as Shakespeare and Beethoven. Åse Kleveland notes that he was called "Mozart of Swedish Poetry, and Hogarth " , noting that
Britten Austin , Paul . Carl Michael Bellman : Sweden 's Shakespeare of the Guitar Song . Stockholm : Property , 1998 .
Van Loon, Hendrik Willem and Grace. The last of the Troubadours. New York: Simon and Schuster, 1939.
All songs written by Rich and Chris Robinson .
In June 1997, Kariya was again nominated for the Jean Beliveau Prize, alongside Gregg, but lost against Bobby Orr.
As captain of the Mighty Ducks, Kariya made a cameo appearance in Disney's D3: The Mighty Ducks film, which was released in October 1996.
The scene in which Homer runs across the city after having his hair is a reference to the movie It's a wonderful life.
The scene in which Homer receives the key to the executive toilet is a reference to the movie Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter? .
The title of the episode is a reference to the biblical film by Cecil B. DeMille Samson and Delilah.
During the pontificate of John Paul II, two members of Opus Dei, Juan Luis Cipriani Thorne and Julián Herranz Casado, were made cardinals.
In September 2005, Pope Benedict XVI blessed a newly installed statue of Josémaría Escrivá placed in an external mural niche of St Peter's Basilica, a place for the founders of Catholic organizations.
In 2014 Pope Francis through a beatified delegate Alvaro del Portillo and said that "he teaches us that in the simplicity and ordinariity of our life we can find a safe path to holiness.
Different qualifiers were used to describe Opus Dei's doctrine: radical, reactionary, faithful, revolutionary, ultraconservative, most modern, , and liberal.
Spiritual reading and reading of the New Testament , a practice recommended by Saint Paul and other saints
Short prayers, spontaneous prayers throughout the day, offering God his work, sufferings etc.
The partners are single, single and faithful who usually have family or professional obligations. Unlike numbers and assistants, the associates do not live in the Opus Dei centres.
In accordance with Catholic theology, adherence is granted when a vocation, or the divine call is presumed to have taken place.
Opus Dei was also accused of elitism by targeting " the intellectual elite " , the well @-@ at @-@ faire and the social in sight.
Damien, a 2016 TV series based on The Omen has the organization.
Historical Institute of St. Josemaría Escrivá, Rome
YouTube Channel – St. Josemaria
Opus Dei in the United States – by Father James Martin, S.J.
Zink , Michel (1979 ) . Roman Roses and Red Roses : Le Roman de la rose or Guillaume de Dole , by Jean Renart .
Contains a sample of " Tarzan & Jane Swingin ' we have Vine " from Run to Cadence with U.S. Marines.
Credits are adapted from Back to Basics Liner Notes.
Honoured Brunswick @-@ Balke Collender Cup and named APFA Champions.Note: Tie's games were officially counted in the rankings only in 1972.
This novel was also serialized on four issues of Playboy from April to July 1965.
Wise's case was covered in a 2008 episode of the Investigation Discovery series Deadly Women .
All players who made an appearance for the Phillies in 2009 are included.
The Phillies played the New York Yankees in a series of @-@ games during the Memorial Day weekend during the regular season in May. Rollins said:
How much would it be? A World Series here, we against the Yankees? ... We have proven that we can put on a very good show.
The Phillie received the "Great Friend to Kids" award from the Please Touch Museum (the Philadelphia Children's Museum).
All statistics are up to date during the 2009 regular season.
The main casting members of the great productions of the American idiot.
A production will open in Rio de Janeiro in January 2017.
The show presents all the songs of the American Idiot album, some songs of B @-@ and some of the songs of Green Day 's 21st Century Discovery. The show also includes a band on stage.
The following is a month @-@ by @-@ month breakdown of sales, attendance, and performance data for production at 1 @,@ 709 @-@ capacity St. James Theatre.
Sportscaster Bob Costas guest @-@ played in the episode as a cartoon of himself.
The Spanish government was furious about the attack, which was considered a violation of the country's neutrality. Foreign Minister Serrano described the operation as:
Apart from his career as a player, Rehman is known to be an ambassador for Kick It Out and Show Racism the Red Card campaign, and his efforts to help Asian British players.
As of 5 September 2013 .
In August 1993 Leonard L. Tsumba replaced K. Moyana as governor of the Reserve Bank.
Special prefixes were allocated for Zimbabwe's replacement tickets . The prefixes used were as follows:
Another species in Australia with a similar physique, Steatoda capensis, has been described as " false red spider " , but it is uniformly black (or plum ), and does not show the red stripe.
The closest relatives to the hemipters are thrips and lice, which collectively form the " assemblage " within the Exopterygota.
Hemiptera use a variety of locomotion modes, including swimming, skating on a water surface and jumping, as well as walking and flying like other insects.
On the other hand, most Sternorrhyncha females are sedentary or entirely sessile, attached to their host plants by their thin feeding styles that cannot be removed from the plant quickly.
Among the bugs, the cicadas in particular were used as money, in folk medicine, to predict the time, to provide the song (in China), and in folklore and myths around the world.
In addition to using the area as a wildlife refuge, it has an anthropological meaning with the Aboriginal Noongar people with strong cultural ties there.
The main populations of three nationally threatened species exist in the forests: the , red tail and more than 50 per cent of the total known population of numbat.
Nearly all of the complex's lands today were classified as state forest in 1903 as a protection zone for watersheds and growing wandoo and mallet forests.
In addition, various 30 minutes to five @-@ hour can be made along marked trails through the woods, ranging from 1 to 12 @@ 5 kilometers.
Although the winds and rain of the hurricane did not reach as far south as the islands of Trinidad and Tobago, the swell on the east coast killed two people trying to secure a boat.
All songs of Super Furry Animals unless otherwise specified.
The Anschutz Medical Campus at the University of Colorado is a public research university in the U.S. state of Colorado. It is part of the University of Colorado system.
Mark A. Heckler , founding dean of his College of Arts and Media
The Nobel Prize winner Tom Cech , from CU Boulder , is a faculty affiliated with the Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Genetics of CU Denver .
Leo Franca of the Department of Mathematical Sciences and Statistics has developed stabilized finite elements, important in computer mechanics and engineering simulation.
Lawrence Hunter is the founder of the International Society for Computational Biology, the oldest and most important professional organization in the world for bioinformatics and computational biology.
Tom performed the first liver transplant in the world at the UC medical school, and is considered "the father of modern transplantation".
Henry Swan revolutionized open heart surgery in the Department of Surgery, pioneering investigations and clinical application of hypothermia in cardiac surgery.
James Holmes, killer in the Aurora 2012 shooting (incomplete doctoral program)
draw ; Red = opponents win .
draw ; Red = opponents win .
Attribution of points: Three points awarded for a win; one for a draw; none for a loss.
draw ; Red = opponents win .
draw ; Red = opponents win .
draw ; Red = opponents win .
United was shot in group D, quickly labeled the "death group" of the competition, with the Spanish club Barcelona, German champions Bayern Munich and Danish side Brøndby.
United inflicted two heavy defeats on Brøndby, beating them 6 – 2 in Copenhagen and 5 – 0 in Old Trafford.
The results in the other groups mean that a second @-@ place finish was enough for United to progress in the finals of the quarter @-@ , joining the leaders of the Bayern Munich group.
draw ; Red = opponents win .
Attribution of points: Three points awarded for a win; one for a draw; none for a loss.
In the stage of knockout United played two Italian sides in the quarter and a half @-@ finals, Internazionale and Juventus respectively; United had never won on an Italian field.
draw ; Red = opponents win .
United 's only winter arrival was Bojan, who signed for an undisclosed tax on February 17.
His young replacement is known as William Windsor II.
The plant also has a jetty (see § Jetty ) - imports via the jetty completed - in 2004 the jetty was tested for the import of Tall Oil by barge.
In addition to coal combustion , the station also uses biomass and petroleum coke ( ' petcoke ' ) .
The whole road is in Lehigh County.
Surfin 'Oiseau then plays as the turnover of credits.
The following table lists the main junctions along Highway 148 , as noted by the Ontario Ministry of Transportation . The entire route is located in Renfrew County .
Casey , Hugh J. , ed . ( 1951 ) . Airfield and Base Development . Engineers of the Southwest Pacific . Washington , D.C. : United States Government Printing Office . OCLC (Engineers of the Southwest Pacific . Washington , D.C. : United States Government Printing Office . OCLC (Engineers of the Southwest Pacific ) .
Song – Genre "Kee" Hamid , David Guetta , Giorgio Tuinfort , Frédéric Riester , Madonna , Patrick Leonard .
Early Stoa, from the foundation of the school by Zeno to Antipater.
Medium Stoa , including Posidonius and Posidonius .
Late Stoa, including: Rufus, Seneca, Epictetus, and Marcus Aurelius.
No complete work by a Stoic philosopher survives the first two phases of stoicism. Only the Roman texts of late stoicism survive.
They estimated that there were four categories.
temperance (-) .
In his Meditations, Marcus Aurelius defines several of these practices. For example, in the book:
The stoic influence can also be observed in the works of Saint Ambrose, Marcus Minucius Felix, and Tertullian.
Aristo de Chios ( fl 260 BC ) , student of Zeno ;
Posidonia of ( c. 135 B.C. – 51 B.C.)
Diodotus ( c. 120 B.C. – 59 B.C.), professor of Cicero
Brooke , Christopher . Philosophical Pride : Stoicism and Political Thought of Lipsius in Rousseau ( Princeton UP , 2012 ) extracts
Inwood , Brad ( ed . ) , The Cambridge Companion to The Stoics ( Cambridge : Cambridge University Press , 2003 )
Zeller , Eduard ; Reichel , Oswald J. , Stoics , Epicureans and Skeptics , Longmans , Green , and Co . , 1892
All the lyrics written by Ichiro Yamaguchi .
Details of the staff were provided in the Kikuuiki shirt note booklet.
Note: Qualified teams for the playoffs are highlighted in bold.
Shoot prescribed targets at 40 @-@ 50 steps while skiing downhill at " maximum speed " (biathlon precursor).
Downhill races on large slopes without " climbing or resting on their stick " or falling (precursor running downhill).
FIS Cross @-@ World Cup: each year the medallists are announced who have the highest scores at the end of the World Cup season.
The Tour de Ski : held every year since 2006 , following the model of the Tour de France , held in the Czech Republic , Germany , Italy and Switzerland .
Added one minute to the total time of the skier.
Using an additional cartridge ( set at range ) to reach the target; only three of these extras are available for each turn , and a penalty loop must be made for each remaining target .
Skiers standing with arm disorders, leg disorders or with arm and leg disorders.
Sit down @-@ Skiers, all with leg disorders, but with varying degrees of torso control.
Skiers with visual impairment including blindness, low visual acuity, and limited field of vision.
Racing ski poles are generally made of carbon fiber and have smaller baskets lighter than recreational poles. The poles designed for skating are longer than those designed for classic skiing.
Technical skills specific to cross-country skiing @-@.
Physiological and motor skills related to fitness, strength, power and endurance.
Psychological and sociological skills , focusing on healthy relationships and mental skills required for competition .
Training and competitive performance , tackling the @-@ targeted training target to achieve favourable competition results .
Selection of equipment, use, and maintenance of the athlete's skis, boots, fasteners, wax, clothes, and poles necessary for success.
Education that eventually allows the athlete to become his or her own coach.
Aerobic: Low @-@intensity, aerobic training (at 60 @-@ 70% of the maximum intensity of an athlete) should consume most hours of training for endurance athletes.
Strength: Force training improves flexibility and joint movement in order to minimize injuries and improve overall strength, not addressed by sport @-@ specific training.
Lactation Threshold: This level builds an effective base speed by training the body to convert blood lactate into energy, rather than creating a feeling of tired muscles.
VO2 max: This level uses interval training to build the athlete's max VO2 — volume of oxygen that the lungs pass through the muscles through the cardiovascular system.
Speed: This level of training is about the athlete's ability to sprint and is neuromuscular, essentially muscle training to move quickly.
The identification (a group isomorphism) of the homotopic group with the integers is often written as an equality: therefore π1 ( S1) = Z.
These two results generalize : for all n > 0 , πn ( Sn ) = Z ( see below ) .
All mappings of a lower @-@ dimensional sphere in a higher dimensional sphere are just as trivial: if i < n , then πi ( Sn ) = 0 .
Beyond these two rows , the upper homotopic groups ( i > n ) seem chaotic , but in fact there are many patterns , some obvious and some very subtle .
The groups below the serrated black line are constant along the diagonals ( as indicated by red , green and blue coloration ) .
Most groups are finished . The only unstable groups that are not either on the main diagonal or immediately above the offset line (lightened in yellow ) .
The third and fourth lines of the table are the same from the third column ( i.e. πi ( S2) =
πi ( S3 ) for i ≥ 3 ) . This isomorphism is induced by Hopf S3 → S2 fibration .
These models are derived from many different theoretical results.
the first case no @-@ trivial of the invariant Hopf a problem, because such fibration would imply that the failed relationship is true.
a cyclical order group equal to the denominator of - / 4n , where - is a Bernoulli number , if k -- 3 ( mod 4 ) .
Z implies the fixed point theorem of Brouwer that each card continues from the ball n @-@ dimensional to itself has a fixed point.
Tables of the homotopic groups of spheres are more easily organized by showing πn + k ( Sn ) .
The entry " -- " indicates the trivial group.
When the input is an integer, m , the homotopic group is the cyclic group of this order (usually written).
Where the input is ", the homotopic group is the infinite cyclic group, Z.
Z × Z2 × Z2 × Z2 , as indicated by 23 in the table .
Čech , Eduard ( 1932 ) , " . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
A.B. Quintanilla – writer
All your work will be judged by him. Your reputation and the future are in his hands. All your work is for him, and the destiny of nations and humanity is also in his hands.
Then maybe it would be nice to pay attention to him now.
The album version of "Lazer Beam" is 4 minutes 55 seconds and is in the key to A major. This version appeared on all commercial release singles containing the song.
Two years after the release of the song, the NME described "Lazer Beam" as "the worst Furries song ever" in their review of the eighth album of the band Hey Venus! .
Two video clips were produced to accompany the release of "Lazer Beam" in one piece.
All songs by Super Furry Animals.
A remix Danger Mouse of the song was also made available free of charge on the website of the album Love Kraft.
Credits adapted from Loud Liner Notes .
Since 2014, Dylan has commented on some Super Smash Bros tournaments.
After graduation, both revealed that they could return to their acting career and take the time to pursue their other interests such as photography and modelling.
In the final scene, Peter presents images of a monkey scratching himself as a public service announcement of the March of the Dimes Foundation.
In 2005, Esham joined forces with Insane Clown Posse and to release the album, Furious.
After this release, Esham left Psychopathic in 2005 to relaunch Reel Life / Gothom.
The entire route is in Miami Township, Greene County.
Robert MacNaughton like Michael, Elliott's football playing 15 @-@ year @-@ old brother who often laughs at him. He saves E.T.'s life.
Drew Barrymore as Gertie, Elliott 's malicious 5 @-@ year @-@ old sister who is sarcastic and initially terrified of E.T. but grows to love her.
Dee Wallace as Mary, the mother of the children, recently separated from her husband. She is mostly ignorant of the presence of E.T. in her home.
Pat Welsh as E.T.'s voice ( Short for Extra @-@ Terrestrial), friendly, cute, charming, sweet, adorable alien that Elliot adopted and helped bring him to his original planet.
K. C. Martel , Sean Frye and C. Thomas Howell as friends of Michael Greg , Steve , and Tyler . They help Elliott and E.T. escape the authorities during the climax of the film .
Erika, the girl Elliott kisses in class.
E.T. is a playable character to come in the crossover Lego Dimensions video game and will include the phone he used.
Credits adapted from the liner notes of " Electric " .
In fiction, the protagonist of Stephen Baxter 's Manifold: Time named his spaceship Gerard K. O 'Neill.
In November 2013, Gerard O 'Neill 's papers and work are now located in the archives at the Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum, Steven F. Udvar @-@ Hazy Center.
O 'Neill obtained a total of six patents (two posthumous) in the fields of global position determination and magnetic levitation.
It was also the title of the Festival des .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Several appearances of the tour were broadcast on television or radio in 2009.
In conjunction with the July 4th vacation in the United States, E Street Radio presented 45 minutes of the July 3rd Frankfurt Commerzbank Arena.
Subsequently, the Latin cities of , old , , , , , , , , , , and , , were submissive and became Roman .
Tarquin also agreed to a peace with Aequi, and renewed the peace treaty between Rome and the Etruscans. According to the Triumphal Fasti, Tarquin also won a victory over the Sabines.
Under Lucius Mummius, Corinth was destroyed following a siege in 146 B.C., leading to the surrender and therefore to the conquest of the Achaean League (see Battle of Corinth).
Octavian became emperor under the name of Augustus and, in the absence of political assassins or usurpers, was able to extend the borders of the Empire considerably.
The successive emperors Valens and Theodosius I also defeated the usurpators in the Battle of , and the Battles of Sava and the Battles of , respectively.
Civil War of Reverend G.N. Godwin in Hampshire (1882)
What ys man did, and to say this good world @-@ night.
It is his Tomb; let the Church his Monument.
Ricardus Boles, , .. in art . Mag .
Winton, December 16, Ralf Hopton.
The first steam trams of Leon's design soon appeared on the Maromme line and coexisted with the @-@ horsecars that served the city centre.
Listening to The Rain on the Roof is a lyric of the song Rain on the Roof of the musical Follies Stephen Sondheim.
Robert Davi as Franz Sanchez, the most powerful drug lord in Latin America, mentioned as having been wanted by DEA for years.
Pedro Armendáriz , Jr. as President Hector Lopez , President of Isthmus
Big L. Bush like Hawkins, an agent of the DEA who opposes Bond's vendetta
The script License to Kill was written in a novel by novelist @-@ of the period of the Bond John Gardner series . He was the first of these novels since Moonmaker in 1979 .
Mediterranean cuisine is incredibly popular: pasta, pizza, gyros, kebab, and falafel can be found almost everywhere. Food experts and cookbook authors love Mediterranean cuisine ...
James Meredith (born April 4, 1988) is an Australian footballer.
The entire highway is in Lenawee County.
A. b. cokii ( Günther , 1884 ) : Known as "coking's hartebeest" or kongoni . Native to and confined to Kenya and northern Tanzania.
Lichtenstein 's hartebeest is classified as less of a concern, and is found in protected areas such as the Selous Game Reserve and in nature in southern and western Tanzania and Zambia.
Credits and adapted staff from Like a Prayer album lineer notes .
The kick-off from the middle must be a kick-off.
The exit shall not exceed 25 metres [ 23 m ] from the goal.
A fair take is a take from any player provided that the ball has not touched the ground or been thrown from the touch and is entitled to a free @-@ kick.
Reloading is fair in the event of a kick (except for a kick as soon as a player proposes to kick), but it can always back off unless it has actually hit the ball with its foot.
Pushing with hands is allowed, but no hacking or tripping is just under any circumstances.
No player can be held or shot at.
It is not permitted to remove the ball from the ground (except in contact) for any purpose.
The ball can be pushed or hit with the hand, but holding the ball except in the case of a free kick is totally refused.
A goal must be struck but not by touching it or by a free stroke of a grip.
A ball in contact is dead, so the side that touches it down must bring it to the edge of the touch and throw it straight from the touch.
Each player must have a red and dark blue flannel cap, a colour to wear on each side.
On March 8, 1964, Malcolm X announced that he was leaving the Nation of Islam. He and Betty X, now known as Betty Shabaz, became Sunni Muslims.
Shabaz returned from Mecca with a new name that another pilgrim had given him, , , , (which means " beautiful and radiant " ).
As his daughters got older, Shabazz sent them to private schools and summer camps. They joined Jack and Jill, a social club for good children @-@ outside African-Americans.
Shabaz joined Delta Sigma Theta in April 1974.
All songs of Super Furry Animals unless otherwise specified.
In November 1942, the brigade now commanded by Brigadier Edwin Flavell, was detached from the 1st Airborne Division, to take part in Operation Torch, the Allied landings in French North Africa.
All songs written and composed by Lennon @-@ McCartney, with the exception of " Only a Northern Song " and " It 's All Too Much " , by George Harrison.
All songs written and composed by George Martin, except " Yellow Submarine in Pepperland " , by Lennon @-@ McCartney.
BPI certification awarded only for sales since 1994 .
I was struck by the extraordinary mathematical results contained in him [the notebooks ] . I did not intend to stifle his genius by an appointment at the lowest levels of the revenue department .
This could be compared to numbers , which have class number 1 and give similar formulas .
One of Ramanujan's remarkable abilities was the quick solution of problems. Once, a roommate of sound, P. C. Mahalanobis, posed the following problem:
Number 1729 is known as Hardy – Ramanujan number after a famous visit from Hardy to see Ramanujan in a hospital.
Immediately before this anecdote, Hardy quoted Littlewood as saying, "Every positive integer was one of [Ramanujan ] personal friends."
The generalizations of this idea have created the concept of " number of taxis " .
Thriller's novel The path of M N Krish weaves Ramanujan and his accidental discovery in his plot linking religion, mathematics, finance and economy.
The Man Who Knew Infinity is a film based on Robert's The Man Who Knew Infinity: A Life of the Genius Ramanujan. In the film, Ramanujan is represented by British actor Dev Patel.
A Missing Number is a recent British production of the company, which explores the relationship between Hardy and Ramanujan.
David Leavitt's novel The Indian Clerk explores in fiction the events that follow Ramanujan's letter to Hardy.
Google honoured her on her 125th birthday by replacing her logo with a doodle on her home page.
O 'Connor , John J. ; Robertson , Edmund F. , " Srinivasa Ramanujan " , MacTutor History of Mathematics Archives , University of St Andrews .
International Union of Mathematics Prize , including a Ramanujan Prize .
Clark, Alex. " 163 and Ramanujan Constant " Brady Haran.
Credits are taken from Dangerously in Love Liner notes.
The video was also included on the video albums: HIStory on Film, Volume II, Number Ones and Michael Jackson 's Vision.
Interior Hebrides including Skye, Islay, Jura, Mull and Iona.
The islands of the Firth of Clyde about 140 kilometers ( 87 mi ) south , the largest of which are Bute and Arran .
No northern location names have been found on the North Scottish mainland south of Beauly and so far no archaeological evidence of northern activity has been found in the North @-@ West Continent.
The presence of a Scandinavian settlement site name is very limited on the east coast and in the south @-@ east Anglian was the predominant influence during this period of history.
Dragon Warrior's plot is a simplistic medieval "save the princess, kill the , and get the orb of light" story.
In 2004 , the game , with its sequel , were redone for mobile phones in Japan . This version is graphically based on the Super Famicom remake of Dragon Quest III .
Dragon Warrior inspired related media in the form of a series of manga, which was adapted to the anime, and a soundtrack of symphonic video game.
The involvement of the population and local institutions , in relatively large numbers , in the destruction of Lithuanian Jews has become a determining factor in the Holocaust in Lithuania .
On July 9, 1787 , on a brief return to Virginia , Greenup married Mary Catherine ( " Cathy " ) Pope of Hanover County , Virginia ; the couple had two children – Nancy and William . [ b ]
The 2004 Land TV Award for "Future Classic", the first recognition of the series received. The presentation of the prize is included in the first release of DVD season.
The Golden Globe Award 2005 for the best performance of an actor in a TV series – music or comedy for Jason Bateman.
The 2004 Writers Guild of America prize for episodic comedy, for the episode " Pier Pressure " , written by Mitchell Hurwitz and Jim Vallely.
The 2005 Young Artists Award for Best Performance of a TV Series ( Comedy or Drama ) – Supporting Young Actress for Alia Shawkat .
Basílica Menor de San Sebastián is a Roman Catholic basilica located in Manila, Philippines.
All songs written and composed by Kim Deal, unless otherwise indicated.
P.T. has received critical recognition for its direction, visuals, the complexity of history, and supernatural tension, but has been both criticized and acclaimed for puzzles and solutions.
Christopher Grant de Polygon compared P.T. with Pixar's animated shorts presented before his animated feature films @-@.
The heavy launcher BM @-@ 31 was also called " Andrew " .
The distinctive screaming sound of the rocket terrified German troops and could be used for psychological warfare.
x is a missile model.
there is a number of launch rails / tubes.
Note: There was also an experimental KV @-@ 1K – Katyusha mounted on the KV @-@ 1 tank that was not put into operation.
The rocket M @-@ 8 and M @-@ 13 could also be equipped with smoke warheads, even if not common.
Some claim that the CIA bought Katyushas from the Egyptian army and provided them to the Mujahedin (via Pakistan's ISI) during the Afghan Soviet War.
Katyusha rockets were reportedly used by Gaddafi Loyalists and anti @-@ Gaddafi forces during the Libyan civil war.
Also, several countries continued to build and use Katyusha @-@ systems as well in the 21st century, as for example the Teruel MRL of the Spanish army.
In February 2013 the Yemen Defense Ministry reported having seized an Iranian ship, and that the cargo of the ship included (among its other weapons) Katyusha rockets.
Bell's career in Michigan was one of the best in school history at this point.
Bell's 28 fast career touchdowns are third in school history, behind Billy Taylor and Tom Harmon.
Bell finished his second-placed career in Michigan behind Bob Nussbaumer in the cart-based career development and now ranks ninth.
Bell's 535 door career was second at Billy Taylor at the time of Bell's graduation. He now ranks tenth.
Bell ranked third in career all @-@ goal yards (behind Ron Johnson and Billy Taylor ) .
After retiring from football, Bell managed a barbecue restaurant in Dayton, Ohio. He then sold radio advertising in Detroit, Michigan and Chicago, Illinois.
René Elizondo , Jr . - songwriter
Since its actual mass is about 14 times that of Jupiter, and the metallicity of its star is similar to that of the Sun, Upsilon Andromedae c can actually be a small brown dwarf.
Like Vancouver, Coquitlam is located in the Pacific Time Zone (Winter UTC - 8 , Summer UTC - 7 ) and in the Pacific Maritime Ecozone.
The geographical form of Coquitlam can be considered an inclined hourglass, with two larger plots of land with a smaller central section connecting them.
Harvest and research 0 @.@ 00 ha ( 0 @.@ 0 acres )
Tri's Chamber of Commerce @-@ Cities has over 900 members, including businesses, professionals, residents and other community groups, governed by a 14 @-@ people volunteer board of directors.
Greyhound Canada has a bus depot in southern Coquitlam for passenger and package service.
Like all other municipalities in British Columbia, the Coquitlam ambulance service is operated by the British Columbia Ambulance Service.
Coquitlam was designated Cultural Capital of Canada in 2009 by the Department of Canadian Heritage.
The city operates four community centres all @-@age ( Centennial, , Poirier, Summit ), and two senior community centres ( Dogwood Pavilion, Glen Pine Pavilion ).
Track and Field - Coquitlam is home to Coquitlam Cheetahs' track and the field club, which train at Percy Perry Stadium, which was named after their former coach who died in 2005.
In addition to other media on the Vancouver Metro, @-@ FM was the first radio station dedicated to the Tri @-@ Cities region when it was broadcast in 2009.
Coquitlam is served by two weekly bi @-@ , the Tri @-@ City News and Coquitlam Now .
Actor Taylor Kitsch graduated from high school in 1999 and played in films such as John Carter and Battleship, as well as in the TV series Friday Night Lights.
Model and host of MTV Select and G4techTV Amanda MacKay also attended the Centennial Secondary where she began her career as a journalist writing for the school's student newspaper.
American political analyst and ex Fox News co @-@ host, Rachel Marsden, was raised in the north-east Coquitlam 's Burke Mountain region.
Ard Rí (Gaelic: High King) was a Scottish variant of tafl played on a table 9 × 9 with a king and eight defenders against sixteen attackers. It is the least documented of known variants of tafl.
The game is played on an array of 9 × 9 . The initial configuration is as shown in the diagram .
The king begins on the central square or the castle, called the konakis, which no other piece can ever occupy.
The eight defenders, called Swedes, begin on the eight squares adjacent to the Konakis, in the form of a cross.
All remaining squares (neutral area) can be occupied by any room during the game.
Any room can move any number of vacant spaces in any straight line [ ← ↑ → ▼ ], but not diagonally. (Compare to the rook in Chess. )
No song can ever pass on another piece in its way.
Any coin, except for the king, can be captured and removed from the board if it becomes surrounded on two sides opposite by enemies. ( This is known as guard capture.)
If the king is surrounded on all four sides by enemies, he is taken prisoner. If he is surrounded on all three sides, he can escape by the fourth.
If the king is captured, the Swedes are conquered and the Muscovites victorious.
Ved Vejen was translated into English as Katinka.
Final Fantasy XIII was released on iOS devices, including Apple TV, Android devices, including Google and Amazon Appstore in Japan. It was also released on PlayStation Now.
The film's music is performed by various artists, such as Louis Armstrong and Ella Fitzgerald, Frank Sinatra, Ray Charles, Bing Crosby and Harry Connick Jr.
Client: "I'm gonna get what she's got." - # 33
The whole road is in Sussex County.
In addition to being a popular and well-known @-@ preacher, Skarga has been the author of many theological and polemic texts, and it was as a writer that his fame endured.
Lives of the Saints ( ✓ywoty świętych , 1579 , 8 editions of his life ) .
Sermons Sejm ( Kazania , 1597 , published posthumously ) .
Devotions of soldiers ( , 1606 ) .
Downhill, background time and ascent are areas common to all hyperbaric dives and exhibitions.
The concept was introduced by Sergio Angelini .
The U.S. Navy Diving Manual provides repetitive group designations for the listed altitude changes . These will change over time with the area interval according to the relevant table .
Decompression stopping depths are also corrected , using the ratio of surface pressures , and will produce actual stopping depths that are lower than sea level stopping depths .
do not fly with symptoms of CDS unless necessary to obtain hyperbaric treatment.
considerably more than 18 hours for technical divers who do decompression dives or use respiratory helium mixtures, as no specific evidence of decompression or helium diving was available.
Surface decompression procedures have been described as " semi @-@ controlled accidents " .
In 1909, Keays demonstrated that atmospheric recompression was an effective treatment of minor symptoms of CDS.
Yarbrough and Behnke first demonstrated the effectiveness of recompression treatment using oxygen, and have since become the standard of care for the treatment of DCS.
Decompression planning and monitoring equipment includes decompression tables, surface software and personal decompression computers.
Specialized equipment is available to decompress a diver out of the water. This is almost exclusively used with diving equipment provided on the surface:
The placement of B. integrifolia in Banksia can be summarized as follows:
B. dentata – B. aquilonia – B. integrifolia – B. plagiocarpa – B. oblongifolia – B. robur – B. confidita – B. paludosa – B. marginata – B. canei – B. saxicola
Banksia integrifolia subsp. integrifolia
Banksia integrifolia subsp. compar
Banksia integrifolia subsp. monticola
No other tree species are found closer to the coast in Cape Byron, making B. integrifolia the most easterly tree on the Australian continent.
It is used as a floral emblem by two Queensland local government regions: the City of Redcliffe and the City of Logan. In 2000 it was presented on an Australian postage stamp.
Abhishek Bachchan as ACP Jai Dixit, an assistant commissioner trying to find Mr. A. Jai is accompanied by Inspector Ali and married to Sweety Dixit.
Aishwarya Rai like Sunehri, another thief who was blackmailed by Jai Dixit to learn more about Mr. A, because she was a little thief in Mumbai and was forced to help or face him in time of imprisonment.
Uday Chopra like Ali Akbar Fateh Khan, an assistant to Jai Dixit and an inspector.
Rimi Sen in a guest appearance like Sweety Dixit, Jai's wife. She is pregnant and distrusts Jai's friendship with Shonali.
All the music composed by Pritam.
Then wrote and folded 'd on, in simple despair.
The name " Real IRA " came into common use when the members installed a roadblock in Jonesborough, Armagh County, and told the motorists " We are IRA.
In a lengthy interview with the An-S newspaper in 2003, the leaders of the interim IRA stated that the IRA had " no coherent strategy " .
The leadership of the Irish Republican Army remains committed to the full realization of the ideals and principles enshrined in the 1916 Proclamation.
In an @-@ credits scene, Rick is on a plane back to Hollywood with his distant son.
Steve Coogan as Damien Cockburn: The inexperienced British director who is unable to control the actors of the film.
Danny McBride as Cody Underwood: The film's explosive expert and helicopter pilot. He's an arsonist.
Bill Hader as Rob: Grossman's assistant and to the right @-@ Handman .
Matthew McConaughey as Rick "Pecker" Peck: Speedman's extremely dedicated agent and best friend.
Brandon Soo Hoo as Tran: The 12 @-@ year @-@ young leader of the Flaming Dragon gang. The character was compared to the guerrilla leaders of the Karen Johnny and Luther National Union.
Reggie Lee as. The second @-@ in the @-@ command of the Flaming Dragon gang.
Tom Cruise as Les Grossman: The layman, ill @-@ hardened studio director producing Tropic Thunder.
Mixed at Larrabee Sound Studios, Hollywood, California.
Engineered at Levcon Studios, Hollywood, California.
Adapted credits from Doo's line notes @-@ Wops & Hooligans .
My captain's waiting.
The whole road is in New Castle County.
Chamberlin began drumming at the age of 9. His first instructions included Latin, Brazilian, and large group techniques, but focused on jazz, under the supervision of future drummer Yanni, Charlie Adams.
Meanwhile, he also checked U2 name and declared their recent release of iTunes @-@ large album "moved the ball forward for everyone."
Chamberlin joined the band again for the End Times Tour 2015.
Chamberlin prefers not to use Pro Tools or click on tracks; it uses slide technique for double blows on the bass drum.
Differentiation is the action of the calculation of a derivative . The derivative of a function y
The simplest case, apart from the trivial case of a constant function, is when y is a linear function of x, which means that the y graph divided by x is a row. In this case, y =
where the symbol Δ ( Delta ) is an abbreviation of " change of . " This formula is true because
The idea , illustrated by figures 1 to 3 , is to calculate the rate of variation as the limit value of the ratio of differences ( Δ / Δx) becomes infinitely small .
Two separate ratings are commonly used for the derivative, one from Leibniz and the other from Joseph Louis Lagrange.
The most common approach to transforming this intuitive idea into a precise definition is to define the derivative as a limit of quotients of difference of actual numbers. This is the approach described below.
When the limit exists , f is said to be differentiable to a . Here f ′ ( a ) is one of several common ratings for the derivative ( see below ) .
This interpretation is the easiest to generalize to other parameters ( see below ) .
Here the natural extension of f to the hyperrealist is always indicated f. Here, the derivative is said to exist if the shadow is independent of the chosen infinitumal.
However, even if a function is continuous at a point, it may not be differentiable there. For example, the absolute value function y =
In summary : for a function f to have a derivative, it is necessary that function f is continuous , but continuity alone is not sufficient .
Operator D , however , is not defined on individual numbers . It is defined only on the functions :
A function f does not need to have a derivative , for example , if it is not continuous . Similarly , even if f has a derivative , it may not have a second derivative . For example , let
Derivatives from a function f to a point x provide polynomial approximations to this function near x. For example, if f is twice differentiable, then
If f is infinitely differentiable, then this is the beginning of the Taylor series for f estimated at x + h around x.
A point where the second derivative of a function changes sign is called a point of inflection. At a point of inflection, the second derivative may be zero, as in the case of the point of inflection x
x1 / 3 . At a bending point , a function changes from a convex function to a concave function or vice versa .
The notation of derivatives introduced by Gottfried Leibniz is one of the oldest. It is still commonly used when the equation y
and was once considered an infinitesimal quotient. Higher derivatives are expressed using notation
f ( x ) ( vs. x ) . These are abbreviations for multiple applications of the derivative operator . For example ,
The Newton notation for differentiation , also referred to as point notation , places a point on the name of the function to represent a time derivative . If y = f ( t ) , then
If y = f ( x ) is a dependent variable , then often subscript x is attached to D to clarify the independent variable x . The Euler notation is then written
although this index is often omitted when the variable x is included , for example when it is the only variable present in the expression .
Euler's notation is useful for indicating and solving linear differential equations.
where this function is defined. For example, if <formula>, then
In many cases , complex boundary calculations by direct application of the Newton difference quotient can be avoided using differentiation rules . Some of the most fundamental rules are as follows .
If the limit exists. The subtraction in the numerator is subtraction from vectors , not scalars . If the derivative of y exists for each value of t , then y ′ is another vector value function .
because each of the basic vectors is a constant.
This generalization is useful , for example , if y ( t ) is the position vector of a particle at time t ; then the derivative y ′ ( t ) is the velocity vector of the particle at time t .
In other words, each value of x chooses a function, designated fx, which is a function of a real number. That is,
In this expression , a is a constant , not a variable , so fa is a function of a single real variable . Therefore , the definition of the derivative for a function of a variable applies :
The above procedure can be performed for any choice of a . Assembling derivatives into a function gives a function that describes the variation of f in the y direction:
In the difference quotient above , all variables , with the exception of xi , are kept fixed . This choice of fixed values determines a function of a variable
It follows that the directional derivative is linear in v , meaning that Dv + w ( f ) = Dv ( f ) += f ) ( f ) .
Just like the single derivative @-@ variable , f ′ ( a ) is chosen so that the error in this approximation is as small as possible .
Until variable variation , it is the statement that the <formula> function is the best linear approximation to f to one .
By taking the total derivative several times, we obtain higher versions of the derivative Fréchet , specialized in Rp . The total derivative of the order kth can be interpreted as a map
The derivative concept can be extended to many other parameters. The common thread is that the derivative of a function at a point serves as a linear approximation of the function at that point.
The properties of the derivative have inspired the introduction and study of many similar objects in algebra and topology — see, for example, differential algebra.
The discrete equivalent of differentiation is finite differences . The study of differential calculation is unified with the calculation of finite differences in the calculation of the time scale .
See also arithmetic derivative .
The water required in the oil shale storage process offers an additional economic consideration: this can pose a problem in areas where water is scarce.
For lists of winners and candidates for each category , see the list of prize categories below .
The following episodes listed in the graph are classified according to their production order , rather than their original antenna dates .
Telopea ' Shady Lady White ' is a white @-@ hybrid flowered between T. speciosissima and T. oreades.
Telopea ' Shady Lady Pink ' is the result of a cross between ' Shady Lady Red ' and ' Shady Lady White ' .
Telopea ' Shady Lady Crimson' is a selected color form developed from 'Shady Lady Red'. It became commercially available in Australia in 2010.
In 2003 the Smithsonian Institution 's National Museum of American History included the Green Paper in an exhibition, America on the Move.
Mal Evans, one of the Beatles' road managers, also appears briefly in the film — moving a right bass in a tight corridor while Lennon talks with the woman who makes a mistake for someone else.
A Hard Day 's Night has been nominated for two Oscars: for the best scenario ( Alum Owen ), and the best score ( Adaptation ) ( George Martin ).
The song "I Call Your Name" was cut off from the film for unknown reasons.
There were notable height problems with the songs in this version, precisely an octave lower than the original recordings. This was corrected in the following versions.
The specific holopus epithet is Greek for "with a perfect stem " . Common names given to the mushroom include white birch ball, white peat bolete, and ghost bolete.
The fruit bodies of L. holopus are a source of food for species of flies such as Pegomya winthemi (family) and Pygmaeoides (family Phoridae).
Orchestre et choeur baroque d'Amsterdam , Ton Koopman . J.S. Bach : Complete Cantatas Vol . 3 . Erato , 1995 .
Bach Collegium Japan , Masaaki Suzuki . J.S. Bach : Cantatas Vol. 4 . BIS , 1996 .
Gächinger Kantorei / Bach @-@ Collegium Stuttgart , Helmuth Rilling . Die Bach Kantate . Hänssler , 1977 .
The resulting compound , dysprosium ( III ) sulphate , is clearly paramagnetic .
Dysprosium halides, such as DyF3 and DyBr3, tend to take a yellow colour. Dysprosium oxide, also known as DyF3, is a white powder that is very magnetic, more than iron oxide.
Several paramagnetic crystal salts of dysprosium ( Dysprosium Gallium Garnet, , , ; Dysprosium Aluminium Garnet, DAG ; Dysprosium Iron Garnet, , , ) are used in adiabatic refrigerators.
In October 2014 Kenya Airways experienced two fatal accidents and two hull loss accidents.
Chris Pine as James T. Kirk
Karl Urban as Dr Leonard "Bones" McCoy
Bruce Greenwood like Christopher Pike, the captain of the Enterprise.
Ben Cross like Sarek, Spock's father.
Winona Ryder like Amanda Grayson, Spock's mother.
Clifton Collins, Jr. like Ayel, Nero's first officer.
The credits are adapted from the No Boys Authorised booklet.
Saint Nicholas Bastion – the half @-@ bastion at the eastern end of the fortress . It contains a Venetian building @-@era which was perhaps originally a warehouse or laboratory .
Saint Paul Bastion – the half @-@ bastion at the southeast end of the fortress . It is also known as Santa Maria Bastion .
Bastion de St Elias – the semi @-@ bastion at the southern end of the fortress. It contains the open theatre @-@ air, which was opened in 1993.
St Lucas Bastion – half @-@ bastion at the southwest end of the fortress.
The mosque of Sultan Ibrahim, formerly the Cathedral of St. Nicholas.
a building near the mosque, which was perhaps the bishop's residence.
The House of the Rector, which was the residence of the governor of the province of Rethymno. Only his prisons survived.
the Council building, which housed part of the Venetian administration of Rethymno.
the churches of Saint Theodore and Saint Catherine, both of which were built at the end of the 19th century.
The fortress also contains a armor, two magazines of gunpowder, storage rooms and several tanks.
All songs written and composed by Ricardo Arjona .
The standard physical version of the album contains 2 discs with the following list.
Lieutenant-Colonel Arthur Searle ( 1945 ) .
The Germans nicknamed the U @-@ boat der. and his crew painted an emblem of a yellow shield with a red horse on his veil.
Palestinian poet Mahmoud Darwish dedicated the poem "Return to Jaffa" to Abu Ali Iyad.
The driver emphasizes the introduction of the characters, and a large amount of biographical information about the various main characters is revealed in the episode.
Yvette Nicole Brown as Shirley Bennett – Shirley is an "average @-@ divorced elderly " who " made some bad choices of life " .
Alison Brie as Annie Edison – Annie was addicted to pills and had to drop out of high school.
Donald Glover as Troy Barnes – Troy was a high school football star who injured himself and did not get a scholarship.
John Oliver as Professor Ian Duncan, Professor of Psychology at Greendale. – Professor Duncan once faced a DUI charge, but was acquitted with Jeff's help.
Jim Rash as Dean Pelton – Dean Pelton is presented for the first time while giving his introductory speech to the new students, a speech that ends up being unintentionally offensive.
Not to be confused with Hearst Castle, a resort built in the United States by the rich newspaper magnate, William Randolph Hearst.
With an apparent magnitude of 14 @.@ 2 , Kepler @-@ 11 cannot be seen from the Earth to the naked eye .
Eleanor – wife of William Marshal's son (also known as William), and later English rebel Simon de Montfort.
Two other girls (Beatrice and Blanche) died as children.
Jean de Lancaster (1366) died as a child.
Isabella de Lancaster ( b . 1368 ) — died a child.
After Blanche's death in 1369, Jean married Constance de Castille, trying unsuccessfully to obtain the throne of Castille. The marriage produced two children:
Blanche ( 1342 ) — died as a child.
Henry married his cousin Plantagenet Mary of Bohun, who was fatherly descendant of Edward I and maternally Edmund Crouchback. They had seven children:
Edward ( b . 1382 ; child death ) — buried at Monmouth Castle, Monmouth.
Joan ( b . 1438 ; deceased child )
Henry ( b . 1441 ; child death )
William ( b . 1447 ; child death )
John ( b . 1448 ; child death )
Ursula ( b . 1455 ; deceased child )
In his will, Cecily stated that Katherine and Humphrey were his children, but they may have been his grandchildren through the Pole.
Most views to the north are dominated by Rivington Pike and the Winter Hill TV Mast on the West Pennine Moors over the city.
In A grammar of the Bolton dialect by linguist Graham, the local dialect is described as distinct from those of Salford and Manchester.
Adapted from the album's liner notes.
Photography – Dr Mannix Guillaera
Since the devil is the closest relative to thylacin, there have been speculations that thylacin could be revived by combining the DNA of the thylacin sample museum with the devil's egg.
The devil is directly related to the "rubusta", a bandworm that is classified as rare under the Tasmania Threatened Species Protection Act, 1995. This bandworm is found only in demons.
The devil is a key species in the Tasmanian ecosystem.
The embryonic diapause does not occur.
In general, females tend to keep more stress after being taken into captivity than males.
For the release of 2 @.@ 6 @.@ 29 of the Linux kernel, Linus temporarily replaced the Tux mascot with a Tasmanian devil named "" in support of the Save the Tasmanian Devil campaign.
In December 2014 the Bank adopted the recommendations of a report prepared by Kevin , aimed at improving the transparency of the Committee 's decision-making processes .
The dates indicated indicate when their current mandates are due at the end , or have expired .
Coles reported that the relay team ripped off the Prime Minister's message.
The NMDA @-@ LTP-dependent receptor has several properties, including input specificity, associativity, cooperation and persistence.
LTP is persistent , from several minutes to several months , and it is this persistence that separates LTP from other forms of synaptic plasticity .
The Jack Russell Terrier is a small burrow that has its origins in fox hunting. It is mainly white @-@ full-bodied and smooth, rough or broken @-@ coated.
Patrick McDonnell Mutts' comic book features a Jack Russell terrier named Earl, who is a main character in the comic book.
There are 42 species of mammals living in areas around Hart Lake. Common mammals on the shore of Hart Lake and marshes include raccoons, striped musks and muskrats.
Elected member of the National Academy of Sciences, 1928 . Stratton served in various capacities with the SIN:
Production and performance credits are adapted from album liner notes.
In the third grammatical treatise is recorded an anonymous verse which mentions the crows flying from the shoulders of Odin; Huginn in search of the men hanged, and Muninn body killed. The verse reads:
Muninn to the dead [dead on] .
The public reaction of scientists against such views , particularly in the 1990s , was known as scientific wars .
There is no philosophy @-@ free science; there is only science whose philosophical background is taken on board without examination.
These former players and assistant coaches of Beilein later became head coaches at the college or professional level.
The restaurant was sung by the famous Chicago musician Wesley Willis in a song entitled " Rock N Roll McDonald 's " . The song was presented in the movie Super Size Me .
The book was published for the general public on 4 December 2008 , the output of which was donated to the Children 's High Level Group .
Rowling also decided to create a seventh handwritten copy (distinguished from others by his,) to auction in order to raise funds for the charity campaign The Children 's Voice.
He was a vocal critic of the Jews, accusing them of unfair competition.
Jan Dekert is one of the characters of Jan Matejko's painting of the " Adoption of the Polish Constitution of 3 May 1791 " .
The APRA Awards are awarded each year from 1982 by the Australasian Representation Law Association ( APRA ) .
The ARIA Music Awards are awarded annually from 1987 by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA).
The alpine plough has two existing subspecies.
P. g. graculus , the subspecies designated in Europe , North Africa , Turkey , the Caucasus and northern Iran .
The white Australian @-@ ailed chough, Corcorax melanorhamphos, despite its similar beak shape and black plumage, is only by far related to the real choughs.
The text influenced the development and practice of India's yoga traditions before the 12th century.
Verse 1 @.@ 69 affirms that in a purified body lies a peaceful spirit, and when this mind reaches purity, , , (knowledge of the soul ) becomes possible.
The text devotes the greatest number of verses to the discussion of breath and breath exercises.
Two English translations of the full text are known, one by Desikachar and the other by Mohan, while Bhattacharya published a condensed summary of the twelve chapters.
All the music composed by Kow Otani.
There is a deathcore band called Shadow of the Colossus. Many of the lyrics of the band and the art album are inspired by the video game.
Article 11 requires parties to ensure that persons complaining under the Optional Protocol are not subjected to ill-treatment or intimidation.
Article 13 requires the parties to inform their citizens of the Convention , the Optional Protocol and the Committee 's decisions in order to facilitate complaints .
Articles 12 and 14 govern the procedure and reports of the Committee in the handling of complaints.
Articles 15 to 21 govern ratification , entry into force and amendment of the Optional Protocol .
Several signals, such as the Wow! signal, have been detected in the history of the search for extraterrestrial intelligence, but none has yet been confirmed as being of intelligent origin.
Any person or organization that detects a signal should try to verify that it is likely to be of intelligent origin before announcing it.
After confirming the alien origin of an observation, the news of the discovery must be made public. The discoverer has the right to make the first public announcement.
All data confirming the discovery should be published to the international scientific community and stored in an accessible form as permanently as possible.
Neither the discoverer nor anyone else should respond to observed extraterrestrial intelligence; in doing so, an international agreement is required according to separate procedures.
Intervention only to avoid a disaster: this would involve a limited occasional intervention to stop events that could completely destroy human civilization, such as nuclear war or the impact of asteroids.
Forced corrective action: Extraterrestrials could demand that humanity reduce the major risks against its will, with the intention of helping humans progress to the next stage of civilization.
The UKSF course is divided into two main parts , selection and continuing training .
Fitness phase (hill phase) – 4 weeks . This phase is conducted in the Beacons of Brecon , south of Wales .
The Special Boat Service wears the green commando beret, but with their own hat badge.
When he was released, "The Obvious Child" received music reviews of the time. Stephen Holden of the New York Times was perhaps the most effective:
All songs written by Paul Simon, except where noted.
A constant thickness of 1 @.@ 5 inches ( 38 mm ) for protective wing partitions.
An enlarged torpedo control tower.
An enlarged conning tower with the rearranged armor for better access.
A protected observation position in the bow.
The keel width was increased to provide a more rigid structure in the middle of the vessels to withstand stress during mooring.
Shell stowage for the main cannons was increased from 80 cartridges per cannon to 100.
I know why the bird in the cage sings.
Gromoboi also had four torpedo tubes submerged 15 @-@ inch ( 381 mm ), with two mounted on each wide side.
Ewan McGregor as Obi @-@ Wan Kenobi: a Jedi Master and General for the Galactic Republic.
Natalie Portman as Padmé Amidala: a senator from Naboo and secretly Anakin 's marries.
Hayden Christensen as Anakin Skywalker / Darth Vader: a Jedi hero recently knight of the Clone Wars who turns to the dark side of the Force.
Ian McDiarmid as Palpatine / Darth Sidious: the Supreme Chancellor of the Galactic Republic who is secretly a Sith Lord.
Samuel L. Jackson as Mace Windu: a senior member of the Jedi Council.
Christopher Lee as Count Dooku / Darth: Darth Sidiious ' apprentice Sith, who was chosen by his master to lead the separatists.
Anthony Daniels as C @-@ 3PO: The personal droid of Padmé's humanoid protocol, created by Anakin.
Kenny Baker as R2 @-@ D2: Anakin's droid.
Frank Oz spoke Yoda: the leader of the Jedi Council.
After the presentation of the first draft of the scenario , the art department began to design the different ways in which each element could appear on the screen .
During the process of shaping the film for its theatrical release, Lucas and his editors abandoned many scenes, and even an entire subplot, of the finished film.
Many scenes concerning Jedi's death during the execution of Order 66 were cut. The dead of: and: were either cut off from the film or not filmed in the first place.
Also, a special two @-@ exclusive pack, sold only to Wal @-@ Mart stores, included another bonus DVD, The Story of Star Wars.
The DVD was re @-@ released in a prequel trilogy box on November 4, 2008 .
When released, Ghosts of Onyx received generally positive reviews. The novel began on the list of bestsellers of the New York Times and became an international bestseller.
Stefani 's work has influenced a number of new artists including Best Coast, Hayley Williams, Rihanna, Katy Perry, Marina and Diamonds, Cover Drive, Sky Ferreira, and Rita Ora.
Love . Angel . Music . Baby . ( 2004 )
The video was directed by Phil Griffin in the middle of @-@ 2006 . Minogue described the video:
These are the formats and track lists of the main single releases of " So Under Pressure " .
The episode ends with a rewriting recording Let 's Stay Together, including the talking dog.
WVU has produced a total of 180 NFL selection projects. This section counts for past and current University of West Virginia football players who participated in the National Football League.
Among the many mountaineers who participated in the NFL, a total of 32 received all @-@ star or Pro Bowl recognition.
Of the 181 players from West Virginia selected in the NFL draft, 12 climbers were selected in the first round.
In his 1998 autobiographical release, The Storyteller , Ray Davies talks about guitar solo. He confirms that his brother Dave played solo and that he was preceded by a bit of flouting between the two:
Calystegia stebbinsii , , , stebbinsii , Harmonia stebbinsii , , , , stebbinsii stebbinsii and others are named in honor of Stebbins .
The line is parallel to the Great Western Main Line between Paddington and Westbourne Park, and parallel to London, Tilbury and Southend Railway between West Ham and Barking.
The relationship between Hervey and Welsh seems to have been very bad. Liber Eliensis described the situation as follows:
Credits are adapted from the album notes.
Hans G. Lehmann – photograph
The information is adapted by Nina Antonia 's Too Much Too Soon : The New York Dolls ( 2006 ) .
Ryan Reynolds like Andrew Paxton, Margaret's assistant whose ultimate career goal is to become a editor.
Sandra Bullock as Margaret Tate, editor-in-chief of a major New York book publisher.
Mary Steenburgen like Grace Paxton, Andrew's mother.
Craig T. Nelson like Joe Paxton, Andrew's father who owns the family business that dominates the entire city of Sitka.
Betty White as Grandmother Annie, Andrew's grandmother and Joe's mother.
Denis O 'Hare as Mr. Gilbertson, the immigration officer investigating the Margaret case.
Oscar Nuñez as Ramone, a Sitka resident who occupies many jobs, including server, male stripper, trader and minister.
Malin Åkerman like Gertrude, Andrew's ex @-@ girlfriend.
Michael Nouri as editor Bergen, superior of Tate.
Aasif Mandvi as Bob Spaulding, a publisher.
Michael Mosley like Chuck, Andrew's friend.
A Chinese remake co @-@ produced by Walt Disney Pictures and Ohio Pictures and directed by Yee Chin @-@ yen was announced in June 2016.
The American intelligence community has underestimated these growing threats.
The intelligence community's processes to make estimates of this threat cause erosion of accurate assessments.
The United States has a decreasing alert time before missile systems are deployed operationally , and they may not have a future alert .
William Schneider, Jr.
General Larry Welch, US Air Force Ret.
General Lee Butler, US Air Force Ret.
Phellodon atratus K.A.Harrison ( 1964 ) – California , USA
Phellodon-@ olivaceus R.E.Baird ( 2013 ) – United States
Phellodon confluens ( Pers. ) Pouzar ( 1956 ) – China , East of the United States , Europe
Phellodon, R.E.Baird ( 1985 ) – Mexico
Phellodon fibulatus K.A.Harrison ( 1972 ) – North Carolina , United States
Phellodon, R.E.Baird and (1986 ) – Florida , USA
( 1966 ) – Australia , New Zealand
Phellodon melaleucus (= ex Fr. ) P.Karst. ( 1881 ) – Europe , North America
Phellodon niger ( P. ) P.Karst. ( 1881 ) – Europe , North America
Phellodon ( Lloyd ) Maas Geest . ( 1966 ) – Australia
Phellodon, R.E.Baird ( 1985 ) – North America
Phellodon rufipes Maas Geest . ( 1971 ) – Japan
Phellodon (Berk) ( 1958 ) – New Zealand
Phellodon tenuis R.E.Baird ( 1988 ) – Brazil
Phellodon tomentosus ( L. ) Banker ( 1906 ) – Europe , North America
Play @-@ Doh was inducted into the National Toy Hall of Fame at The Strong in Rochester, New York, in 1998.
At the end of 2014, the company proposed to replace a new " Play @-@ Doh Cake Mountain " tool, free of charge, after receiving complaints about the " phallic form " of the toy.
The company then sought ways to disseminate its electronic form software more widely, Bennie said in May 1992 that " we have barely scratched the surface of our market " .
The court's decision was interpreted by author L. Ray Patterson as an erosion of first-amendment rights compared to the increasing protection afforded to copyright owners.
This division of the enterprise at its peak represented only less than 15 % of the total turnover of the enterprise .
WinFax enabled computers equipped with fax @-@ modems to send faxes directly to autonomous faxes @-@ or other computers equipped in the same way.
By the time WinFax PRO 7 @.@ 0 was sold from retail shelves, Delrina had been acquired by Symantec.
In the Biathlon, all Paralympic athletes shoot from a tense position.
Competitors in this class include Australians Michael Norton and David Munk , American Russell Docker , and Spain Óscar.
Since Judaism, unlike Catholicism, lacks a hierarchy that could keep track of how much [ synagogues] are abandoned and demolished, the magnitude of the problem is more difficult to determine.
A few blocks away, the Synagogue of Eldridge Street survives. Why this synagogue was renovated, and the First Romanian destroyed, is a question for rabbis and historians.
Discussions about the future of modern medicine frequently debate the usefulness of maintaining separate channels for educating physicians in the United States.
The body is a unity; a person is a unity of body, mind and mind.
The body is able to self @-@ regulation, auto @-@ healing, and maintenance of health.
Structure and function are reciprocally linked .
The rational treatment is based on an understanding of these principles: body unity, auto @-@ regulation, and the interrelation of structure and function.
Contemporary osteopathic doctors practice @-@ based medicine, indistinguishable from their MD colleagues.
Our AMA, in collaboration with the American Osteopathic Association, discourages discrimination against medical students through institutions and programs based on osteopathic or allopathic training.
In 2005 , during his tenure as president of the American Association of Medical Colleges , Jordan Cohen described a climate of cooperation between D.O. and MD practitioners:
Elsewhere, he pointed out that osteopathic manipulating medicine (OTM) "can help the doctor to foster a relationship with the patient " .
Another area of criticism was the relative lack of research and the lower emphasis on scientific research in D.O. schools compared to MD schools.
The president of the American Association of Colleges of Osteopathic Medicine commented on the current crisis in the profession.
Spinosum foramen is often used as a landmark in neurosurgery, due to its close relationships with other cranial foraminas. It was first described by Jakob Benignus Winslow in the 18th century.
The foramen can pass through the sphenoid bone at the top of the spinous process, or along its median surface.
In other large monkeys, spinosum foramen is not found in the sphenoid bone, but in parts of the temporal bone such as the squamous part, found at the suture of , or absent.
Spinosum foramen allows the passage of the mean meningeal artery, the mean meningeal vein and the meningeal branch of the mandibular nerve.
C. taurinus has five subspecies:
C.t. , is located in the Gregory Rift Valley (south of the equator ) . Its range extends from northern Tanzania to central Kenya .
C. t... (Blaine , 1914 ; Cookson 's wildebeest ) , is limited to the Luangwa Valley in Zambia . Sometimes these animals may wander in the plateau area of central Malawi .
C. t. johnstoni ( Sclater , 1896 ; Nyassaland wildebeest ) , is located from Mozambique ( north of the Zambezi River ) to the east @-@ central Tanzania . This subspecies is now extinct in Malawi .
The crowd responded with applause as the Australians took to the field. The NCCC president allegedly apologized to Bradman in private for the crowd's reaction to Miller.
Throughout the episode, in scenes where Homer faces his loneliness and pain, "Claire de Lune", Claude Debussy Suite's third movement, plays like background music.
The title of the episode is a reference to " We Love to Fly and It Shows " , a long slogan @-@ time for Delta Air Lines.
In October 2011, the museum renamed itself Imperial War Museums, with IWM initials forming the basis of a new corporate logo.
Both parties to the dispute made a number of arguments in support of their claims .
In order to provide evidence of the date on which the Sea of Japan was used internationally , South Korea and Japan undertook surveys of various historical maps .
The two main international organizations involved in the dispute over names are the International Hydrographic Organization and the United Nations.
Before the credits, Ron mocks the head of a pig on a stick, a reference to the new Lord of flies.
The entire road is in St. Lawrence County.
In June 2015, the Louvre was accused of discrimination against Israeli students.
Some of the museum's best-known paintings have been digitized by the French Centre for Research and Restoration of Museums in France.
The use of cameras and video recorders is allowed inside, but flash photography is prohibited.
Johnson came to believe that there was a problem with Shakespearean's collections of pieces that were available during his life. He thought they were missing, because they:
The following episodes listed in the table are classified according to the numbering found in their U.S. copyright registration records , rather than their original antenna dates .
In December 2015, Harper had created Harper & Associates Consulting Inc., a company that listed him as an administrator alongside his close associates Ray Novak and Jeremy Hunt.
During his tenure, Harper addressed many foreign policy issues concerning the United States, the war against terror, the Arab conflict @-@ Israeli, free trade, China and Africa.
It reduced defence spending to 1% of Canadian GDP.
Michael J. (2011 – today)
Tel Aviv University in Ramat Aviv , Tel Aviv , Israel , 2014 (Ph.D. )
All election data are from Elections Canada. Italics expenditures refer to the totals presented and are presented when the final totals reviewed are not available.
The class is usually called the New York class, but it is also occasionally called the Texas class because New York was finished several months after her sister, Texas.
Associate Judge Sonia Sotomayor wrote the opinion for the Court, which ordered only a majority in part. The Court ruled that the age of a child correctly informs Miranda's custody analysis.
Kodi Smit @-@ McPhee as Owen, a 12 @-@ year @-@ old schoolgirl harassed, later Abbey's boyfriend.
Chloë Grace Moretz like Abby, a vampire who poses like Thomas' daughter, later Owen's girlfriend.
Richard Jenkins like Thomas, a man who is Abby's adult companion.
Cara Buono like Owen's mother, Owen's nameless mother.
Elias Koteas also provides Owen's father's voice.
Sasha, like Virginia, a woman who's one of Abby's victims.
Dylan Minnette like Kenny, the brute who torments Owen.
Ritchie Coster as Mr.
Jimmy like Mark, one of Kenny's friends.
Nicolai Dorian like Donald, one of Kenny's friends.
Dylan, like Larry, Virginia's boyfriend.
Brett, like Jimmy, Kenny's older brother.
Chris Browning like Jack, a man who's one of Abby's victims.
John Ajvide Lindqvist , author of Let the Right One In , who also wrote the script for the original Swedish film , was satisfied with Let Me In . He said :
Despite rumours of misconduct by Bennington engineers, a formal investigation concluded that the explosion was not due to the crew's negligence.
George F. Brock , The Master of Carpentry Second Class
Raymond E. Davis , Third Class Petty Officer
John J., Master of Chief Gunner
Frank E. Hill, first-class ship cook
In July 2015, Diamonds Are Forever was broadcast on BBC Radio 4 , with Toby Stephens as Bond ; it was directed by Martin Jarvis .
The whole road is in Erie County.
The flag of the new state was a variant of the Greek national flag, consisting of a white cross centred on the blue background topped by the imperial Byzantine eagle in black.
direct control and administration by the European powers .
Move on to a new turn.
Disqualified from the tournament.
Once nicknamed the " industrial hive " , Providence was renamed " Creative Capital " in 2009 to focus on its educational resources and artistic community.
The East Side is an area that includes the neighborhoods of Blackstone, Hope ( aka Summit), Mount Hope, College Hill, Wayland, and Fox Point.
The North End is formed by the combination of the neighborhoods of Charles, , Smith Hill , Elmhurst , and Mount Pleasant .
The south side (or South Providence) consists of the neighborhoods of Elmwood, Lower South Providence, Upper South Providence, and West End.
West Broadway is an officially recognized area with its own association. It rides the southern half of the Federal Hill and the northern part of the western end.
West Side is a vague term sometimes used to refer to West End, Olneyville, and Silver Lake.
As the capital of the state, Providence houses the Rhode Island General Assembly and the offices of the Governor and Lieutenant Governor in the Rhode Island State House.
Brown University, an Ivy League University and one of the nation's nine colonial colleges.
Rhode Island College, the oldest public college in the state.
The two most commonly used rating systems are the V @-@ scale and the Fontainebleau system.
The pavilion has been used several times as a venue for the debates of the Republican Television Party (see below).
An advertising campaign and an interactive Internet presence on GE's website to promote the centennial and celebrate Reagan's political career with GE.
A series of public affairs conferences with Reagan @-@ luminaires of the era that focused on Reagan's legacy.
Graham Neil Westley (born March 4, 1968) is an English footballer.
Hornby produces a super @-@ detailed school class OO gauge model.
Come to the Well was described as a pop rock and rock album; it was also described as a pop and cult album.
Credits raised on line tickets .
Timberwolves, twins and Vikings all play Minneapolis.
All music composed by Chick Corea.
Asteya ( No @-@ flight ), which indicates that nothing should be taken unless it is correctly given.
Brahmacharya ( chastity), which insists on constant but determined restraint beyond aspiration for sensual pleasures.
Aparigraha ( No @-@ attachment ) — No @-@ attachment to the two inner possessions ( appreciating , denigration ) and external possessions like property .
Another basic teaching of Mahavira was Anekantavada (multiplicity of viewpoints and pluralism).
Mahavira's teachings have influenced many personalities. Rabindranath Tagore writes:
Mahavira: The hero of non-violence is an illustrated story of children based on Mahavira's life.
The following table lists the main junctions along Highway 51 , as noted by the Ontario Ministry of Transportation . The entire route is located in Chatham – Kent .
Pinafore Swing , Watermill Theatre ( 2004 @.@ another Doyle adaptation in which actors double like the orchestra )
Position - the position of the rugby league that the player played at .
Career - the years spent by the player in the team.
Appearances - the number of times this player has played for the team.
T - the number of player tests scored for the team.
G - the number of goals the player scored for the team.
FG - the number of goals on the field that the player scored for the team.
P - The total number of points scored by the player.
Credits adapted from Japanese line notes .
American artist Adam Lambert performed at this venue on March 5, 2016 as part of his The Original High Tour.
In 2011, the theatre was threatened with closure after the reduction of the city's funding. The D.C. Commission on Arts and Humanities took over the management and began to seek a new management.
Since he got the only operation, I.M.P. has booked nearly 100 shows at Lincoln Theatre, including:
Hoode was prepared to accept the possibility that some of these fossils represented species that had become extinct, perhaps in past geological disasters.
Bob Hoskins as Bill Nelson, the boss of Eden Sinclair. Marshall sought to imitate Hoskins' role as bulldog of the 1980 film The Long Good Friday.
Lee @-@ Anne Liebenberg like Viper , the wild woman who is Sol's lover and her second @-@ in @-@ command .
Excalibur (1981): Marshall enjoyed John Boorman's art in the film and sought to include his medieval aspects at Doomsday.
The Warriors (1979): The director enjoyed Walter Hill's hard and violent films, including the "Visual Style of Gang War " .
L'homme Omega ( 1971) : The director is inspired by the notion of "empty city" of the film and is inspired by its dark and gritiable nature.
Waterworld ( 1995): The director appreciated the gritty atmosphere and how people are engaged in surviving and adapting in their new world.
Gladiator ( 2000): As in Gladiator, Marshall sought to put the character of Mitra through a combat trial.
Doomsday was used as an inspiration in the construction of a haunted house for Halloween Horror Nights in Orlando.
Most fans should take a work or study holiday to attend an event held during the work week.
Transportation costs are often lower for weekend travellers.
An episode in October 2003 of CSI presented, a fictional fur convention held in Las Vegas. Reactions to the show were varied.
An episode of CBC Newsworld of Culture Shock on furs spent much of its time covering: 2003 in November.
The News Tribune of Tacoma wrote a short article on the Northwest 2004 .
Financial Times Weekend Magazine took a look at Anthrocon 2005 .
Auburn's Corner News, Alabama covered Rocket City in 2006.
The Montreal Gazette dealt with 2007 .
Eurofurence 13 received extensive coverage by several regional newspapers in Thuringia .
Credits for "Out from Under" are adapted from Circus line notes.
Published by : -Songs ( BMI ) , Maratone Publishing ( ASCAP ) , Sony / ATV Tunes LLC ( ASCAP ) .
Voice recording and audio mixing at Conway Recording Studios in Los Angeles, California.
In 2015, duPont Manual had the distinction of being the high school that sent the most students to the International Science and Engineering Fair.
James S. Coleman , sociologist
Sarah ( 1995 ) , Broadway interpreter .
John Jacob Niles, " Dean of American Ballads " .
Nicole Scherzinger (1996 ) , lead singer of The Pussycat Dolls .
Joseph D. Scholtz , former mayor of Louisville
In the style and structure of the plot, comics often make use of overlapping history threads. According to Hama:
The death sentence of 28 April resulted in the loss of all orders, sentences and honorary signs.
Fegelein held various grades in both Allgemeine @-@ SS and Waffen @-@ SS . The following table shows that the progression was not synchronous .
Banff , Macduff and Turriff Extension Railway extended the Aberdeen and Turriff from Turriff . The services have been extended by the Far North over the new line since the opening .
Most of the directors of the Alford Valley Railway also sat on the board of directors of the Far North, which operated the services since the opening and was a guarantor from 1862.
Keith and Dufftown Railway were worked as an extension of the main line, the services operated by the Far North from the opening in 1862.
Strathspey Railway was sponsored by the Far North, which operated the services since the opening.
In his 1870 poem, Mihai Eminescu paid tribute to the first Romanian writers @-@ and their contributions to literature.
Farrar characterized the writing process of this album as easier than his typical work of composition of new lyrics because he allowed him to be less self-conscious @-@.
The performers also released a four @-@ track 10 " single " Let 's Multiply " exclusive for Record Store Day.
In addition, Parker made part of the New Multitudes material at the first benefit concert, held on April 20 by the International Organization in Northern Carolina.
All the music written and performed by Farrar and Parker.
Tim Horton - pianist , chamber musician . Together 360
According to Fleming 's Complete History of the British Martyrs, published in 1904, King Eorpwald was venerated as a saint and martyr by the English Church. His feast day is not known.
At the college, Duncan co @-@ wrote a chapter in the book on Social Psychology Aversive Interpersonal Behaviors.
In 2008 CNN 's Money Magazine ranked Norman as the sixth best small city in the United States in which it has to live.
The city is the county seat of Cleveland County.
Colima, Col., Mexico
The center of this large incorporated area is 30 miles ( 30 km ) from the center of Oklahoma City and, separated mainly by Moore, is in the metropolitan area of Oklahoma City.
In 2008, CNN's Money Magazine ranked Norman as the sixth best small city in the United States to live in, the highest ranking in any city in Oklahoma.
Norman benefits from many tree-lined landscapes @-@, participating in Norman and Tree City USA programs.
The school is well known for its athletics programs, having won numerous prizes including seven NCAA Division I National Football Championships.
The public school districts of Oklahoma are independent of other local governments, and several districts overlap the municipal boundaries of the city of Norman.
The small public schools of Axe serve the eastern region of Norman. It consists of a elementary, junior and secondary school.
Other school districts with territory in the city are the Robin Hill Public School District and the Moore Public School District.
The city also houses many privately financed galleries and performance sites.
The American Golf Coaching Association, a professional non @-@ profit association of men's college golf coaches, is located in Norman.
Norman hosts many free festivals and community events that take place throughout the year.
May Fair is an arts festival held every year during the first weekend of May at Andrews Park. It features local artists, fine arts, crafts and food.
Summer Breeze Concert Series is a series of concerts that take place from spring to fall in various Norman parks. The series is sponsored by the Performing Arts Studio.
The Midsummer Nights ' Fair is a night art festival held during two evenings in June. The show features art, music and food and is held outside the Firehouse Art Center in Lions Park.
The Norman Mardi Gras parade is a celebration of Mardi Gras that takes place on the Saturday closest to Mardi Fat. The parade takes place in the city centre of Norman and features costumes and theme floats.
The Main Street Christmas Parade is a celebration of Christmas and the holiday season that takes place every December in Norman city centre.
Inter @-@ city passenger train service is available via Amtrak to Norman Depot. Amtrak 's Heartland Flyer provides daily round-trip service to downtown Oklahoma City and Fort Worth, Texas.
Telephone networks, broadband Internet and cable television are offered by several companies, including Cox Communications and AT & T.
The general principle of the IPA is to provide a letter for each distinctive sound ( speech segment ) , although this practice is not followed if the sound itself is complex .
There are no letters that have sound values that depend on the context @-@, as do the letters " hard " and " soft " - c or g-- in several European languages.
Finally, the API usually does not have separate letters for two sounds if no known language makes a distinction between them, a property known as ".
Typical examples of the use of capital letters are I for the Turkish harmonic vowel ensemble { i y u u } and D for the consonant intermediate conflate of the American English writer and runner.
Double parentheses indicate obscure or unintelligible sounds , as in ( (2) ) or 2 , two audible but unidentifiable syllable syllables .
The International Phonetic Association organizes IPA letters in three categories: pulponic consonants, no @-@ pulponic consonants, and vowels.
Shaded areas indicate joints that are considered impossible.
The letters [ . , . , . , . ] represent either expressed contributions or approximations .
In many languages, such as English, [ h ] and [ .] are not actually glottal, moneyy, or approximate. Rather, they are the naked phonation.
It is mainly the form of the language rather than its position which distinguishes fruitatives [ -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Some of the telephones listed do not exist as phonemes in any language.
Although it is not confirmed as contrasting in any language , and therefore not explicitly recognized by the IPA , a letter for the retroflex implosive , "" , was assigned an IPA number .
The IPA defines a vowel as a sound that occurs at a syllable center. Below is a graph depicting the vowels of the IPA. The IPA maps the vowels according to the position of the language.
In places where the vowels are paired , the right represents a rounded vowel (in which the lips are rounded ) while the left is its unrounded counterpart .
Diacritics are used for phonetic details . They are added to the IPA letters to indicate a change or specification of the normal pronunciation of this letter .
The condition of the glottes can be transcribed finely with diacritics. A series of alveolar plosives ranging from an open phonation to a closed glot phonation are:
Additional diacritics are provided by IPA Extensions for speech pathology.
Aspiration, for example the sweet Korean aspiration contrasting [ kh ] with a strong aspiration [ -] .
Particularly lowered, for example [ t , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
Especially retracted ( at least on a vowel ) , for example [ ø Ø ✓ ] , although , according to the police , on a consonant , this could be confused with alveolar notation or extIPA .
The transcription of a strident and hard voice as extra @-@ creaky / a=" / can be motivated by the similarities of these=" .
Individual letters no @-@ IPA can find their way in publications that otherwise use the IPA standard. This is particularly common with:
Iconic extensions of standard IPA letters that can be easily understood, such as retroflex and retroflex.
In addition , there are substitutions of typewriters for cases where IPA support is not available , such as capital I , E , U , O , A , for [ ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
IPA Extensions do not include symbols used for voice quality, such as murmuring.
McDonald's , "You're saving a break today " , " Two all @-@ beef patties , special sauce , lettuce , cheese ... "
Other actors of the film include Charles Lloyd @-@ Pack , Tom Chatto , John Van Eyssen , Percy Herbert and Michael Ripper .
The Bears entered the free agency with 16 free agents without restriction.
The team exchanged its third selection @-@ round and a third selection @-@ round 2012 at the Miami Dolphins in exchange for a great Brandon Marshall receiver.
The team exchanged their seventh @-@ round selection at the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in exchange for a defensive fight Brian Price .
In the second week against the Vikings, Devin Hester was named NFC special team player of the week on September 18.
In week nine against the Packers, Shea McClellin recorded three bags, and was named NFC Defensive Player of the week on November 6.
During the first week against the Bengals, Robbie Gould kicked and made the longest goal attempt on the ground in the history of the franchise and Soldier Field with an attempt of 58 @-@ yard made during the first week against the Bengals.
In the week thirteen against Minnesota, Alshon Jeffery broke the franchise record for the most receptive yards in a game.
The Narrows Bridge is a highway crossing from the Swan River to Perth, Western Australia.
Orbit Science Fiction, vol.
Collections Philip K. Dick
Sharma has held positions at the Australian High Commission in Port Moresby and as Senior Civilian Adviser to the Bougainville Peace Monitoring Group in Papua New Guinea.
On August 7, Fister was promoted majors. As a result, the launcher Jason Vargas was selected at Triple @-@ A Tacoma to make way for Fister on the list of sailors 25 @-@ man.
In 2011, Fister was the 3rd Mariner beginner behind Félix Hernández and Jason Vargas.
Fister was named Pitcher of the American League for the month of September after spending 5 – 0 with a 0 @.@ 53 ERA in five departures.
On December 2, 2013, Doug Fister was traded to the Washington Nationals for Steve Lombardozzi utility and left-wing launchers Ian Krol and Robbie Ray.
Fister runs 10 miles every day he doesn't throw.
Fister stands 6 feet 8 inches high, and is among the top players in the Major Leagues.
This list reflects the final embodiment of the Bay Highway, as proposed before the 1972 referendum. The entire highway was in Seattle, King County.
The history of the accident produced by WWOR @-@ TV with Joshua Eure as executive producer won an Emmy 2007 award in the Spot News category.
A lawsuit brought by Lidle's family against the aircraft manufacturer, Cirrus Design, alleging a misconception, was rejected by a jury in May 2011.
If you execute your enemies, he saves you the trouble of having to forgive them.
There was not a soul left among the citizens of Gonzales who had not lost a father, husband, brother or son ... This terrible massacre had, for a time, struck terror in every heart.
The enemy laughs at you, you must fight them, you must not go further. The country is waiting for you to fight. The salvation of the country depends on your action.
Had it not been for his service, the enemy could never have been overtaken until they reached the Sabine... using the boat allowed me to cross the Brazos and save Texas.
There is no longer time left to mount an answer reader, Boston College received the kick-off and allowed time to pass. On the way to half-time, the two teams were linked, 16 – 16.
In early 2013, an inmate accused of petty larceny managed to get out of his handcuffs when he arrived at the Centre Bain.
White married Margaret Hoge, the eldest daughter of her uncle William Hoge and his wife, Barbara Hume. White and his wife, Margaret, had at least eight children together:
A constellation of EURion , special printing processes give euro banknotes their unique character .
A bright stripe , tilting the note and a bright stripe showing the value figure and the euro symbol will appear .
Watermarks , it appears when the ticket is against the light .
Perforations, Hold the ticket against the light. You should see perforations in the hologram that will form the € symbol. You should also see small numbers showing the value.
A matt surface, the note paper is made of pure cotton, which feels crisp and firm, but not lame or waxy.
Watermark: When the note is kept under a normal light source, a portrait of Europa and an electrotype denomination appear on each side.
Portrait window: When the note is held against the light, the hologram window becomes transparent and reveals a portrait of Europa, which is visible on both sides of the note.
Safety wire: When the note is held in light, the safety wire appears as a dark line. The symbol " €" and the value of the note can be seen in tiny white letters in the strip.
Microprinting: Some areas of the ticket have a series of tiny letters. The microprint can be read with a magnifying glass. The letters are clear, not blurred.
The placement of A. cuneatus in Nelson's Adenanthos Arrangement can be summarized as follows:
A. sect. Eurylaema ( 4 species )
A. pungens ( 2 subspecies )
A. glabrescens ( 2 subspecies )
A. sericeus ( 2 subspecies )
A. cygnorum ( 2 subspecies )
The last laird died in 1924 and is buried in Luton.
Kuznetsova was upset in the first round of the 2014 Wimbledon Championships by Michelle Larcher of Brito of Portugal in three sets.
Kuznetsova at the 2016 Fed Cup lost in four hours to the first day, becoming the longest Fed Cup game in history.
After a bad end of the 2012 season, Kuznetsova changed from Carlos Martínez to the other; sometimes both act as coaches.
These records were achieved in the open tennis era.
After moving to Florida in the early 1930s Morton established a small clinical practice where she conducted research on arthritis and endocrinology.
After finishing his autobiography, Morton went to Iran, and in 1940 published a book on the country and its time there entitled A Doctor 's Holiday in Iran.
For his efforts to return from injury, Langkow was finalist for the Bill Masterton Memorial Trophy 2011 which was finally won by Ian Laperriere.
Langkow's older brother, Scott was goaltender who played 20 NHL games for the Winnipeg Jets, Phoenix Coyotes and Atlanta Thrashers.
He also has a younger cousin, Chris Langkow, who is a former ECHL All @-@ Star and a Kelly Cup champion with Alaska Aces, that he is often mentors and often gives advice.
A small group of collared brown lemurs was introduced into Berenty's private reserve in the 1980s and has since hybridized with red-sided lemurs.
Credits adapted from Medúlla line notes .
The Appalachian Trail, the Continental Division Trail, and the Pacific Crest Trail form the so - called Triple Crown of Long - Distance Hiking in the United States.
The Appalachian Trail is home to thousands of plant and animal species, including 2 @@000 rare, threatened, threatened, threatened, and sensitive plant and animal species.
For most hikers, the most persistent parasites along the trail are ticks, mosquitoes and black flies with mice living in shelters.
Poison lierre is common the length of the trail, and more abundant in the south.
Part of the hikers ' subculture includes the production of coloured logbooks in trail shelters, signed using pseudonyms called " trail names " .
Black bear activity along the New Jersey Trail increased rapidly from 2001 onwards, with @-@ metal bear garbage boxes in place in all shelters in New Jersey.
Connecticut 's 52 miles ( 84 km ) of trail is located almost entirely along the ridges to the west over the Housatonic River valley.
Park management strongly discourages hikes in the park before May 15 or after October 15.
Listed from south to north.
U.S. Route 76 in North-East Georgia
American Road 64 near the Nantahala River, North Carolina
Route of the United States 19 / Route of the United States 74 near Lake Fontana, North Carolina
Route 441 in the United States, North Carolina / Tennessee border
U.S. Route 25 / U.S. Route 70 in Hot Springs, North Carolina
Interstate 26 / U.S. Route 23 on the North Carolina / Tennessee border
19W U.S. Road to North Carolina / Tennessee Border
American road near Roan Mountain, Tennessee
American Highway 321 at Watauga Lake, Tennessee
American Highway 421 near South Holston Lake, Tennessee
American Highway 58 in Damascus, Virginia
Interstate 77 / U.S. Route 52 near Wytheville, Virginia
U.S. Route 460, Virginia
United States Road 501 to James River, Virginia
U.S. Route 60 near Buena Vista, Virginia
American Road 250 near Waynesboro, Virginia
U.S. Road 33 in Shenandoah National Park
U.S. Route 211 near Luray, Virginia
American Road 522 near Front Royal, Virginia
Route of the United States 17 / Route of the United States 50 near Waterloo, Virginia
United States Road 340 to Harpers Ferry, West Virginia
United States Road 340 to Sandy Hook , Maryland
Interstate 70 / U.S. Route 40 near Hagerstown , Maryland
American Road 30 near Fayetteville , Pennsylvania
U.S. Highway 11 in Middlesex Township, Pennsylvania
Route of the United States 11 / Route of the United States 15 in Duncannon, Pennsylvania
American Route 22 / American Route 322 in Duncannon, Pennsylvania
American Route 206 near Frankford, New Jersey
American Route 6 / American Route 9W / American Route 202 near Fort Montgomery , New York
U.S. Route 9 near Garrison, New York
U.S. Route 7 near Falls Village , Connecticut
U.S. Route 44 near Salisbury , Connecticut
U.S. Route 7 near Great Barrington, Massachusetts
U.S. Route 20 near Lee, Massachusetts
U.S. Route 4 near Rutland, Vermont
U.S. Highway 5 to Norwich, Vermont
Interstate 93 / U.S. Route 3 near Franconia , New Hampshire
American Highway 302 in the White Mountain National Forest
U.S. Route 2 near Gorham, New Hampshire
Route of the United States 201 en , Maine
North Terminus: Mt. Katahdin , Maine
Tierney is a supporter of universal health care. Early in 2010, Tierney was burned by some in his district for his support of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act.
After " The Hawking Excitation " , there was a break of three @-@ weeks before the next episode, " The Stag Convergence " , aired.
In 2005, Bans and Murphy were nominated for a Writers Guild of America Award for the best written episodic comedy, but lost to Jenji Kohan, who wrote the pilot episode of the Showtime Weeds series.
The NRA Bianchi Cup is held in Columbia every year. It is one of the most lucrative of all shooting sports championships.
The city has 14 radio stations and 4 television channels.
The railway service is provided by the city @-@ owner Columbia Terminal ( -) Railroad, which extends from the north side of Columbia to Centralia and a connection to the Norfolk Southern Railway.
The following tables present the nutritional information of a standard Black Thunder chocolate bar.
On 24 February, Boris, the secretary of the Nagorny Karabakh autonomous party @-@ Karabakh and an Azerbaijani loyalist, was dismissed.
Under pressure from the APF because of the mismanagement of Khojaly's defence and the security of its inhabitants, he was forced to submit his resignation to the National Assembly of Azerbaijan.
Fighting also spread in neighbouring Nakhchivan, which was bombed by Armenian troops in May 1992.
Below is a table showing the number of aircraft used by Armenia and Azerbaijan during the war.
Tensions intensified again in July – August 2014 with ceasefire violations by Azerbaijan and Azerbaijan's President Aliyev threatening Armenia with war.
Cox , Caroline and John (1993 ) . Ongoing ethnic cleansing : War in Nagorny Karabakh . Zürich ; Washington : Institute for Religious Minorities in the Islamic World .
The Armenian conflict @-@ Azerbaijan: causes and consequences . Westport , Connecticut : Greenwood Publishing Group . ISBN .
Curtis , Glenn E (1995 ) . Armenia , Azerbaijan and Georgia Country Studies . Washington D.C. : Federal Research Division Library of Congress .
by Waal , Thomas ( 2003 ) . Black Garden: Armenia and Azerbaijan through Peace and War . New York : New York University Press . ISBN .
Freire , Maria Raquel ( 2003 ) Conflict and security in the former Soviet Union : the role of the OSCE Burlington , VT : Ashgate .
Griffin , Nicholas ( 2004 ) . Caucasus : Journey to Canada between Christianity and Islam . Chicago : University of Chicago Press .
Karny , Yo 'av ( 2000 ) . Highlanders : Travel to the Caucasus in search of memory . New York : Douglas & McIntyre .
Goltz , Thomas ( 1998) . Azerbaijan Journal : A Rogue Reporter 's Adventures in an Oil @-@ Rich , War @-@ Torn , Post @-@ Soviet Republic . New York : M.E. Sharpe ISBN 0 @-@
Kaufman , Stuart (2001 ) . Modern : The symbolic policy of ethnic warfare . New York : Cornell Security Studies .
Hovannisian , Richard G. " The Azerbaijani conflict over mountainous Karabagh @-@ Armeno . " Armenian Review , XXIV , summer 1971 .
Rost , Yuri ( 1990 ) Armenian tragedy: a look @-@ witness on human conflict and natural disaster in Armenia and Azerbaijan . New York : St. Martin 's Press
Bajpayee was married to a girl from Delhi, but divorced during her period of struggle.
The year 2000 began for Bajpayee with the comedy Dil Pe Mat Le.! and the drama of crime, both alongside Tabu. A dialogue of the former has aroused controversy in some political parties.
In June 2015, Bajpayee shot three films, including Saat, and Missing, which he also produced.
The art of the cover was designed by French illustrator Lionel Koechlin , featuring the character Albert . Koechlin 's art came from the book L. d'Albert , published in 1979 .
Stephen E. Miller as Andy McClaren
Laird 's father, Craig, was appointed as director of Weston @-@ super @-@ Mare in May 2010, having previously managed Southern League Division One South and West held Bridgwater Town.
Distinguished Flight Medal.
The entire highway was in Monroe County.
The window of the four evangelists above the northwest gate is a memorial of Charles Empson, who died in 1861.
In 2010 a glass window was discovered in the vaults of the abbey. The design around the window is by William Burges .
Bath Abbey's choirs sang the 2015 Christmas service live on BBC One.
The whole road is in Sussex County.
Many antagonists are reversible antagonists that, like most agonists, will bind and not bind a receptor at speeds determined by the @-@ kinetic ligand receptor.
The satellite rights of the film were guaranteed by Sun TV for $350 million ( US$5 @.@ 2 million ) .
Mu Arae is the designation of Bayer. HD is the entry in the Henry Draper catalog.
The categories are found in regional trade , such as : , , , , , , , , and , also appear in regional trade .
Seawater enters the front hatch, due to a large wave, a bad seal, corrosion, etc.
With two holds quickly filled with water, the bow submerged and the vessel quickly sank, leaving little time for the crew to react.
According to Lloyd 's Register, one of the main causes of shipwrecks was the attitude of shipowners @-@, who sent ships with known problems to the sea.
The walls and towers of the citadel are built from carbonate and basalt rocks that were cherries in the vicinity of Damascus.
Rob Andrew , former international rugby union player and current director of rugby operations at the Rugby Football Union .
RJ Thompson , singer-songwriter who visited Europe with artists such as Jools Holland , Midge Ure and Gabrielle Aplin .
Barrie Dobson, historian.
Ross Batty, rugby player with Bath.
Bentley Beetham, ornithologist, photographer and member of the British expedition Mount Everest 1924.
David J., author of a puzzle.
George Nicholson Bradford, recipient of the Victoria Cross.
Joshua Harold Burn, pharmacologist.
Andrew Cantrill, organist.
Scott Carpenter, water polo player.
Ian Carr, musician and broadcaster.
Mike Carr, jazz musician.
Calum Clark, rugby union player with Northampton Saints.
Andrew Critchlow , Editor-in-Chief of Business News at Telegraph Media Group .
Tom Danby, international rugby union and rugby league player.
Giles Deacon, fashion designer.
Karl Dickson, rugby union player with Harlequins.
Lee Dickson, international rugby union player for England.
Robert Dinwiddie, professional golfer.
Nigel Farndale, journalist and novelist.
Patrick Grant, fashion designer.
Alex Gray, rugby player with England Sevens, and former captain of England.
Nicholas Hatch, former first-class cricket with Durham.
Glenn Hugill, television producer and presenter.
Ben Jones, former rugby player with Worcester Warriors.
Lionel Fanthorpe, priest, artist, television presenter, author and speaker.
George Macaulay, test match cricketer.
Howard Marshall, international rugby union player.
Nathan McCree, composer.
Edward Mellanby, vitamin D discoverer.
Kenneth Mellanby, environmentalist.
Percy Mills , 1st Viscount Mills , Member of the Cabinet and Industry , Director of the EMI and President of its electronic subsidiary .
Jack, fast-track pioneer.
Neil Riddell, former captain of the Cricket Club of Durham County.
Geoffrey Smith, horticultural and radio broadcaster.
Mark Sowerby, Bishop of Horsham.
Alex Tait, a rugby union player with the Newcastle Falcons.
Mathew Tait, international rugby union player for England.
Andrew Thornton, jump to jockey.
Richard Tomlinson, former MI6 officer.
Rory Underwood, former international rugby union.
Tony Underwood, former international rugby union.
Tim Visser, international rugby union player for Scotland.
Kevin WHATELY, Detective Morse and actor Lewis.
Catherine White, Olympic silver medallist.
Guy Wilks, rally driver.
Ed Williamson, former rugby player with Newcastle Falcons.
Credits for Sir Lucious Left Foot: The Son of Chico Dusty adapted lining notes.
The whole road was in Chazy, Clinton County.
The first discoveries are pottery from the Neolithic era , although the main dates of colonization of the Bronze Age (see below ) . A nearby site was dated to 3200 BC .
Several major works, including numerous collections of poetry, five plays, and a novel, were first published in Poedjangga Baroe. Here is a list of these publications.
In September, LeMond tried to defend his title at the 1990 UCI Road World Championships, but finished fourth, eight seconds behind the winner, his former Belgian team-mate Rudy.
The statistics on polling sites are presented below, combining the votes of the Glendale and East Hamersley polling stations in the federal and state elections, as indicated.
In the United Kingdom, CD singles " Race for the Prize " and " Waitin ' for a Superman " were released in 2 discs @-@.
The album was republished on vinyl for Record Store Day 2013.
The four discs have identical track listings.
All songs written and composed by The Flaming Lips.
In El Salvador, the precursor hollow produced about 2 @.@ 76 inches ( 70 mm ) of rain in about 10 hours.
Damien Leith was also aware of the words we wrote. He added some emotional ballads that contained strong words, but had forgotten the songs he thought were too depressing.
Where We Land started on the Irish album chart at issue 43 the week after its release in Ireland, remaining in the Top 75 for a second week, before falling on the chart the following week.
In 2012, Parker and his brothers opened a nightclub, .. Lounge, in San Antonio. However, the company closed in a year.
a ^ It is not included in " Unusual Suspects " or " Travellers " .
William B. Davis as a cigarette smoker ( 4 episodes )
The episodes marked with a double dagger ( ) are episodes of the series ' Alien Mythology arc .
Throughout the marriage of William and Mary, William had only one famous mistress, Elizabeth Villiers, unlike the many mistresses that his uncles kept openly.
In Singapore, Oldham qualified second in the overall ranking for all @-@ around the competition and made the finals in four other events – the floor, apple horse, parallel bars, and horizontal bar.
The widow of Litster Agnes was then prosecuted by the authorities and was made to settle her debts (for the sum of 33 shillings and nine pence).
The sign of the town of Walsham North contains a mosaic depicting the Peasant Revolt.
The band was recently confirmed to play the Rock Star Energy Drink Uproar Festival with other tracks Disturbed,venged Sevenfold, Stone Sour and Halestorm.
The plaque in St. Andrew's Church, Weston, where it is buried, on the north wall of the tower, reads;
Charlotte Sneyd d . 1822
efforts to suppress negative thoughts and emotions.
Response bias: Items held by Blacks are more likely to be treated as firearms.
On August 7, 2015, it was reported that Bruno Aveillan will make his first feature film at the head of the suite, with Wirkola as a writer.
The deadline reports that Paramount is preparing a Hansel & Gretel TV series: Witch Hunters . It is possible that this series will eventually be produced instead of the proposed suite .
The whole road is in Lake George, Warren County.
Since GRBs are supposed to involve a beam emission along two jets in opposite directions, only planets on the path of these jets would be subjected to high-energy gamma radiation.
GRBs close enough to affect life in one way or another could occur once every five million years or so – about a thousand times since the beginning of life on Earth.
Credits from Allmusic .
But early instant coffee was also often considered of poor quality, unpleasant taste, and a little more than a new product.
In the last years of Washington, he sold the property " Franklin Farms", and lived in a house on New Vernon Road in Mendham.
This episode attracted 17 @.@ 09 million American viewers, standing as the seventh most watched program of the week.
The specific epithet is derived from the word, a name used by the Baka people for the Gilbertiodendron dewevrei tree that is associated with the fungus.
The Central Pacific has used names and numbers from the Western Pacific name list. No names have been used, as the only storm that has formed in this region has gone unnamed.
Minaj played the song on certain dates of her first concert tour, the Pink Friday Tour. She also added the song to her set list for her Pink Friday: Reloaded Tour.
Authors: O. Maraj , D. James , L. Haywood , R. Golan , J. Rotem
Producers : J.R. Rotem
The name Middleton is derived from the ancient English @-@ tun, in this case the settlement or middle farm on the road from Morley to Rothwell.
Middleton is in Middleton Park and after the 2012 council elections, is represented on Leeds City Council by three Labour Councillors.
Tsamere's partner is the race driver and television presenter Margot Laffite (daughter of Jacques Laffite ); their first child was born on February 4, 2015 .
The scholar Bach Richard D. P. Jones notes in Johann Sebastian Bach's Creative Development:
Bach structured the cantata into eight movements: an instrumental sinfonie and seven vocal movements corresponding to the strophes of the hymn. The duration is given in 22 minutes.
The cornet used in cantata was an instrument that belonged to an earlier age: in the second quarter of the 18th century, it had almost completely disappeared from Bach's compositions.
Harmony is often modal, instead of the modern tonal system.
The original autograph pieces are preserved in the Bach @-@ Archiv Leipzig. They were copied from the autograph score lost by six scribes, four of them known as the composer.
The game is still in print ( from May 2012 ) , and is available in print book format or as a PDF download from the publisher .
The IWF continues to assert that the image is indeed child pornography, and asserts that the image would be blocked if it were on a British server.
The entire road is in Ironwood Township, Gogebic County.
The rows in the following table correspond to the jerseys awarded after this stage.
Cultural Historian Notes Bradford W. Wright ,
Unlike many well-known rivalries in comics representations. Spider @-@ Man is quoted for having more than one enemy and it can be debated or contested on the question to which one is worse:
Rapper Eminem quoted Spider @-@ Man as one of his favorite comics superheroes.
Fathers 4 David Chick, a member of the judiciary, used a Spider @-@ Man outfit to get publicity about fathers' rights in London.
Since May 9, 2013 RIAA certifications for digital singles include audio and/or video streams of songs on @-@ in addition to downloads.
Credits are taken from iTunes' exclusive digital booklet.
During the first six months of 2004 Murray had a knee injury and could not play.
Murray beat Tim Henman in their first match, at the Swiss Indoors in Basel in the first round, and finally reached the quarterfinals.
The 2006 season saw Murray play the full circuit for the first time and shared with coach Mark Petchey and partnered with Brad Gilbert.
In November , the Aberdeen Cup took place for the second time , with Murray leading the Scotland team and Greg Russski captain England . Scotland won 6 1⁄2 – 1 .
In November, Murray split up with coach Brad Gilbert and added a team of experts with Miles Maclagan, his main coach.
In November, Murray won in Valencia, but fell into the second round of the Paris Masters. To finish the season, Murray did not manage to get out of the round tournament at the World Tour finals in London.
During the Open de France, Murray won two difficult matches at the beginning of the match, before losing in his first semifinal at Roland Garros, against Rafael Nadal.
Murray was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) during the 2013 New Year for tennis services.
Murray withdrew from equality against Ukraine after failing to shake a virus, and Britain lost 4 – 1 .
Subsequently, Murray criticized the tournament schedule and cast doubt on its availability for next year.
These recordings were obtained in the open era.
Folders in bold indicate results lower than those obtained by peers @-@ .
Recordings in italics are currently active stries.
She is currently hosting BET 's Chasing Destiny with Frank Gatson Jr. They formed a group of girls, a June newspaper.
Freddy v. Jason ( 2003 )
Brian Benben as Roger Henderson: Ecstasy WBN writer and husband to Penny. Much to the dismay of the police, Roger solves the mystery of murder.
Scott Michael Campbell like Billy Budget: WBN page boy who is used by Roger to communicate with Penny and send scripts, despite the fact that he is trying to hide from the police.
Michael Lerner as Lieutenant Cross: Court @-@ tempered policeman who has a vendetta against Roger.
Ned Beatty as General Walt Whalen: Owner of WBN who commands his staff with a working environment like the army @-@. The General dies after falling into an elevator well.
Brion James like Bernie King: WBN's main sponsor who doesn't have a sense of humor. King ends up dying of gas laughter.
Stephen Tobolowsky like Max Applewhite: WBN's sound engineer who was found responsible for the murders. Max died after being shot at the radio tower.
Michael McKean as Rick Rochester : WBN conductor who despises Dexter ( McKean also appeared as Benben's boss in Dream On ) .
Corbin Bernsen like Dexter Morris: The advertiser of the station that has a habit of smoking. Dexter dies of electrocution, ignoring Roger and Billy's warning.
Bobcat Goldthwait as a wild writer: Violent and melancholy WBN writer.
Jeffrey Tambor as Walt Whalen , Jr . : General's top @-@ carrying his son and performing director .
Larry Miller like Herman Katzenback: German stage director of WBN. Herman is the third to die and is aware of Claudette's multiple business with other employees.
Christopher Lloyd as Zoltan: designer of his eccentric.
Harvey Korman as Jules Cogley: An alcoholic writer who confirms that Ruffles' death is due to poisoning.
Dylan Baker as Detective Jasper: Cross' idiot assistant.
Jack Sheldon as Ruffles Reedy: Drunk trumpeter from Rochester's band. He is the first to die.
All songs written by Wainwright.
Track listing adapted from Allmusic.
Adapted credits from Allmusic and album liner notes.
It puts an end to the discriminatory provisions of the Indian Act , particularly those that discriminate against women .
It changes the meaning of the term " status " and for the first time allows for the limited reintegration of Indians who have been denied or lost status and/or membership of the band.
It allows bands to define their own membership rules .
A. ^ % of the provincial/territorial Aboriginal population
All songs written and composed by Kieran Hebden .
Credits are adapted from the album notes.
The Constitution of 3 May has also been translated into Lithuanian , which marked the significant change in the thinking of high society , marked efforts to modernize the State .
In 1934 George helped establish the Order of the Dedalians, and served as the first Wing Commander of the organization.
In France, George met William "Billy" Mitchell and became convinced that Mitchell's vision of an independent Air Force was the best future direction for the US Army.
Increase the size of the faculty by 447 positions within five years .
Construction of new university facilities totalling approximately US$272 million.
Due to the remoteness of the Pine Island Glacier , most of the information available on the ice stream comes from aerial or satellite measurements based on @-@ .
Only church officials and their guests are allowed to enter. The CAB was used for meetings between church leaders and political and community leaders.
Twenty @-@ four ion columns form a colonnade around the structure, each weighing eight tons. The exterior of the building is built from 4 @,@ 517 granite blocks.
When Stewie imagines how a vacation in Hawaii would be with Rupert, he refers to the classic series Calvin and Hobbes.
Edmonton has a humid continental climate (Köppen climate classification Dfb ) It falls into the hardiness zone of NRC plants 4a.
Edmonton teams have rivalries with Calgary teams and games between Edmonton and Calgary teams are often called the Battle of Alberta.
Edmonton is an important gateway to northern Alberta and Canada. Edmonton International Airport (EIA) is the main airport serving the city.
There is a vast multi @-@ system of use trails for bikes and pedestrians throughout the city; however, most of this is in the park system of the river valley.
The Edmonton Public Schools and the Edmonton Catholic Schools District provide support and resources to those who wish to attend school at home.
Other secondary schools in Edmonton include Taylor University College and Yellowhead Tribal College, a First Nations college.
Edmonton has five sister cities, with an American city listed by Sister Cities International.
After producing a profile of South Bank Show and The Ghosts of Oxford Street, Harries remained good friends with Malcolm McLaren, and spoke at his funeral in April 2010.
Princess Elizabeth (died 1597), Gustav Vasa's youngest daughter is buried in the Finsta Chapel adjacent to the Chapel of the Virgin Mary.
Olaus Rudbeck, Swedish polymath and one of the discoverers of the lymphatic system.
Eric the Holy, 12th @-@ century king and national saint, whose relics are in the Finsta Chapel.
The English translation is "Not me, but God in me."
The UCF awarded awards to $65 @@000 fighters for their performance.
Night Combats: Clay Guida vs Nate Diaz and John Howard vs Chris Wilson
The following is the payment to combatants, as reported to the Nevada State Sports Commission, not to mention the promoter ' s money or the " locker room " bonuses often awarded by UFC.
Several things have been named after Zhang in modern times, including the Moon crater Chang Heng, the asteroid 1802 Zhang Heng, and the mineral.
Below is a list of service vehicles available in Brazil as of December 2013 for flex vehicles @-@ fuel and light vehicles @-@ .
BMW Series 3 (--) , BMW X1--
Astra, Blazer, Celta, Classical, Corsa, Montana, , , , S10, Vectra, , , , .
C3 , C4 , C4 Pallas , Xsara Picasso .
Mail, Fiesta, Focus, Fusion, Ka, Ford Ranger CD.
Clio, Duster, Fluence, Kangoo, Grand Tour, , , , Logan, , , Symbol.
Bora, , , Fox , Gol , Golf , , , , , Polo , , , , High , Travel .
Charlie , born in August 1709 .
James , born in March 1713 . He married his uncle "-" the daughter of Jean 's Frances . Their son John ended up becoming Count of Mar after the title was restored .
Meggie, who died young in May 1717.
Fannie , born in December 1716 .
Jeannie , born in December 1717 .
In addition, Lady Grange made a miscarriage twice and one of the above children is known to have died in 1721.
In December 2012, foreign rights had been sold for Brazil , the Czech Republic , the Netherlands , Germany , Israel , Italy , Korea , Norway , Poland , Portugal , Spain and Turkey .
The secret river is in my mind.
I can go at any time.
Everything Mother Albirma says is true.
The sky is golden and the river is blue.
Secret river, I love you.
And loving thoughts are cherished by such brave and true.
Don't break your heart, my dear mother, we'll meet that day.
So well known; so esteemed.
According to official reports, Bales left the Camp Belamby outpost at 3:00 a.m. local time wearing night vision goggles. Bales wore traditional Afghan clothing on his ISAF fatigues.
The typhoon produced tropical force gusts @-@ and 10 in (250 mm ) rain on Saipan. The impact was minor.
Today, the old ways and stations of District Railway are used by the lines of London Underground 's District, Piccadilly and Circle.
Varus: Indicating that the operation was " a march " and that it would take place within 24 hours of the issuance of the Varus order.
Hermann: Give the exact date and time of the attack.
Dorothea : Indicates a delay in the attack.
The longest @-@ hurricane followed was Hurricane Faith, which travelled for 6 @,@ 850 miles as a tropical cyclone. Faith is also the most northerly tropical cyclone in the Atlantic basin.
The city is located on the old high road, now on the , from Bolton to Leigh . The A577 extends from the city to Tyldesley in one direction and to Wigan in the other.
The northern part of Atherton lies in the area of Bolton Travel to Work, while the southern part is in the TTWA of Manchester. The city is located in the urban area Manchester Larger.
Webo Girl Publishing, Inc. ( ASCAP ) , Ultra Tunes ( ASCAP ) , Def Jam Music Publishing ( ASCAP ) , Ultra Empire ( BMI ) , Basic Studio ( -) and Cock an Ear Productions (-)
Credits and personnel adapted from album liner notes MNDA .
During the tour, accusations of lip synchronization arose. Spears spoke to Rolling Stone about the accusations, saying,
In 2011, Interactive launched a remake of the game, adapted to mobile devices and computers: Barbarian - The Death Sword.
In 2012 the Italian guitarist Marcoy included a cover of the main theme of his album.
Bach first played cantata at Nikolaikirche on 8 April 1731.
The next duo expresses the enjoyment at God's table in a dance, a bourée.
The cantata ends with a choir of four @-@ part, most of the instruments playing colla parte, while the horns play different parts because of their limited reach.
Breckinridge Hall, a three-room building @-@ history on the Morehead State University campus, is named in honour of Robert J. Breckinridge.
Our country – its peril and its deliverance.
Some reflections on the development of the Presbyterian Church in the United States.
Letter from Robert J. Breckinridge to the Second Presbyterian Church in Baltimore
Speech by Robert J. Breckinridge at the laying of the cornerstone of the clay monument
Rideau Cottage was recognized as a recognized federal heritage building on October 3, 1986.
Credits are adapted from the album notes.
In the early 1970s Rudolph managed to encourage the league to adopt a light grey umpire uniform on the traditional shirt "zebra" to from @-@ highlight the presence of officials in the games.
The term " commutative " is used in several related ways.
The commutativity of the addition is observed when paying an item in cash . Whatever the order in which the invoices are delivered , they always give the same total .
Some functions of binary truth are also commutative, since the tables of truth for functions are the same when changing the order of operands.
For example , the logical biconditional function p Φ q is equivalent to q Φ p . This function is also written as p IFF q , or as p Φ q , or as Φ .
Other examples of commutative binary operations include the addition and multiplication of complex numbers , scalar vector addition and multiplication , as well as the intersection and union of sets .
The washing and drying of clothing resembles a non-commutative operation; washing then drying produces a distinctly different result when drying and then washing.
The rotation of a pound at 90 ° around a vertical axis and then at 90 ° around a horizontal axis produces a different orientation from that when the rotations are made in the opposite order.
Rubik's Cube twists are non-commutative. This can be studied using group theory.
where " <formula> " is a symbol representing " may be replaced by evidence. "
A commutative semi-group is a set with a total, associative and commutative operation.
An Abelian group , or commutative group , is a group whose group operation is commutative .
A commutative ring is a ring whose multiplication is commutative . ( The addition in a ring is always commutative . )
In one field both the addition and the multiplication are commutative.
Most of the commutative operations encountered in practice are also associative. However, commutativity does not involve associativity. A counter-example is the function
Some forms of symmetry can be directly related to commutativity. When a commutative operator is written as a binary function, then the resulting function is symmetrical across the y line
x + y then f is a symmetrical function, which can be seen in the image on the right.
For relationships , a symmetrical relationship is analogous to a commutative operation , in the sense that if a R relationship is symmetrical , then < formula> .
The abstract theory of algebra . Covers the community in this context . Uses property throughout the book .
The theory of linear algebra. Explains the commutativity in chapter 1, uses it throughout.
The theory of abstract algebra . Uses the property of commutativity throughout the book .
Hurley , Patrick (1991 ) . A concise introduction to logic 4th edition . Wadsworth Publishing .
Lumpkin , B. ( 1997 ) . The Mathematical Legacy of Ancient Egypt - A Response to Robert . Unpublished manuscript .
Article describing the mathematical capacity of ancient civilizations .
Translation and interpretation of the Papyrus Mathematical Rhind .
Weisstein, Eric W., " Commute " , (accessed 8 August 2007).
O 'Conner , J J and Robertson , E F. MacTutor History of Real Numbers , Consulted August 8, 2007
O 'Conner , J J and Robertson , E F. MacTutor biography of François Servois , Consulted August 8, 2007
Credits adapted from the Bon Voyage line notes.
Cran Tha Bass Prowess. OVDS
Cronk Tha Bass feat . OVDS : Found on the album ( 2014 )
Cronk Tha Bass Prowess. OVDS: Found on Koda Kumi Driving Hit 's 6 ( 2014 )
Cronk Tha Bass Prowess. OVDS [ OVDS Remix ] : Found on Koda Kumi Driving Hit 's 6 ( 2014 )
This is Sean Paul's feat.
LOADED feat . Sean Paul : Found on the album ( 2014 )
The LOADED exploit. Sean Paul [-] Remix ] : Found on Koda Kumi Driving Hit 's 6 ( 2014 )
The entire road is in Niagara County.
The following countries emerged from eligibility for IDA loans .
The following countries have receded their eligibility for IDA loans and have not yet graduated or have become partially eligible ( also referred to as 'mixed country ' ) .
Adapted credits from Ory's voucher notes, Still.
Credits adapted from 4 line notes .
Thayer School shares the Murdough Center (containing Feldberg Business and Engineering Library) with the adjacent Tuck Business School.
All songs by Super Furry Animals.
Mr. Largo surprises Lisa looking outside Nelson during a music lesson, and therefore is placed in detention. After school, she continues to watch Nelson and develops a crush on the brute.
It is also one of the episodes that was played live by casting in front of an audience.
The type and calibre of weapons were classified or open to interpretation by industry. The IFV variant was remarkable for having a non @-@ lethal weapon requirement.
it represents a boat fare.
Literally, "You can't get [no obols] from someone who doesn't have one."
See Cupid and Psyche for a synopsis of the account of Apuleius.
Anglo @-@ Saxon and early – medieval Irish missionaries took the idea of a viaticum literally, carrying Eucharistic bread and oil with them everywhere.
The episodes marked with a double dagger ( ) are episodes of the series ' Alien Mythology arc .
Three armies were involved in the battle: Napoleon's Northern Army; a multinational army under Wellington; and a Prussian army under Blücher.
Our cavalry officers have acquired a galloping trick at everything. They never take into consideration the situation, never think of manoeuvring in front of an enemy, and never keep back or provide a reserve.
The blows of the swords on him "looked like fireworks at work.
Napoleon's success was to continue his offensive. Ney was about to break the center of the Allies.
The time they occupied to approach seemed endless. They and my watch seemed both to have glued quickly.
The night or the Prussians must come.
The 4th Grenadiers, seeing their comrades retreat and have suffered heavy losses themselves, have now rolled to the right and retired.
Wellington's alleged remark on the alteration of the battlefield as described by Hugo, however, has never been documented.
Snake scales are used primarily to reduce friction as it moves, as friction is the main source of energy loss in snake locomotion.
Sources . Details of this section were taken from Malcolm Smith's scale diagrams . Details of the Buff @-@ striped ladders were taken from Daniels .
Protecting chin outside, Anterior.
Rear chin shield, Posterior.
During the 2005 season, his first year, Kafka redshirted to teach him the offensive system of Northwestern Wildcats.
In 2005 , seven subspecies are recognized .
Endoparasites carried by polecats include Taenia, T. and nematodes, Patens, Strongyloids, putorii, and..
A caged polecat appears as a key character of Saki's news."
After the war, King George V spent three years as the flagship of the British housing fleet, was placed in reserve in 1949, and discarded eight years later.
During his career, King George V has been redesigned several times to update his equipment. Here are the dates and details of the refits undertaken:
HAT @-@ P @-@ 33b has an orbital inclination of: , as seen from the Earth . The planet is , so , almost edge @-@ on when seen from the Earth . The planet was observed to transit its host star .
Denis O 'Hare as Dr. Sevard
Griffin Dunne as Dr. Vass
Kevin Rankin as T.J.
Scott Takeda as Mr. Yamata
In April 2015 , an Australian federal judge , Judge Nye Perram decided that ISPs must provide the IP address details associated with sharing the film .
A Chinese population was described as a distinct species in 1987 and named Perovskia, but has since been considered synonymous with P. atriplicifolia.
It attracts bees, birds and butterflies, and contributes to the colour of the gardens — both the blue of its end-of-season flowers @-@, and the silvery colors of its winter stems.
If the Russian force leaves the Pratzen Heights to go right, they will certainly be defeated.
By 1 December 1805, French troops had been displaced in accordance with the Allied movement towards the south, as Napoleon expected.
I was ... under a fierce and continuous gunfire ... Many soldiers, now constantly engaged in the battle from 7 a.m. to 4 p.m., had no more cartridges. I could do nothing but to retreat ...
After hearing the news of Austerlitz William Pitt refers to a map of Europe, "Run this map; it will not be desired these ten years."
Duckles noted the bold words of song no. 73:
The song "Oh yt my eyes", a graphic meditation on the Crucifixion of Jesus, is the only song in the collection to deal with a religious subject.
This table is based on the table of contents listed in Jorgens , supplemented by the composer , the lyrical powers and other remarks of Duckles 1953 .
The table below shows the status of the various buildings listed on Somerhill House grounds.
Formby 's screen persona influenced Norman Wisdom in the 1950s and Charlie Drake in the following decade, although these two interpreters used pathos, which Formby avoided.
At the Pacific military conference in March 1943, the Joint Chiefs of Staff approved MacArthur's plan for Operation Carrousel, the advance on Rabaul. MacArthur explained his strategy:
During this period, MacArthur, never a modest man, grew more self @-@ important and selfish.
And like the old soldier of this ballad, I now close my military career and just fade, an old soldier who tried to do his duty as God gave him the light to see this duty.
Prior to the event's live broadcast, William Regal and Paul Burchill beat Paul London and Brian Kendrick in a team game that was aired on Sunday Night Heat pre @-@ show.
Bold designates the @-@ main statistic league.
January 3, 1998 – Tracked by the Vancouver Canucks with Martin Gélinas at Caroline's Hurricanes for Sean Burke, Enrico Ciccone and Geoff Sanderson.
On November 6, 2009, Judd took Ubaldo Hernandez from Mexico to Palms Resort, Las Vegas, Nevada. The former undisputed Welterweight Champion won the TKO fight in the second round.
a. ^ Includes matches at Inter @-@ Cities Fairs Cup , European Cup , European Cup Winners' Cup , and UEFA Cup competitions .
The cancellation of Oswald's appointment does not seem to have silenced Oswald, who seems active in England, a kingdom that supported Urban VII.
And to the """ .
Some historians claim that the Cumans helped the Wallachians in the battle. In 1324 Wallachia was a vassal of Hungary, and Robert called Basarab "our Vojvode Transalpine " .
Robert entered Curtea de., the main city of the Wallachian state. He realized that Basarab had fled into the mountains and decided to hunt.
Cenél nGabráin, in Kintyre, supposedly the descendants of Gabrán mac Domangairt.
Cenél nÓengusa, in Islay and Jura, supposedly the descendants of Óengus Mór mac.
Cenél Loairn, in Lorne, perhaps also Mull and Ardnamurchan, supposedly the descendants of Loarn mac.
The Cenél Comgaill, in Coval and Bute, a subsequent addition, supposedly the descendants of Comgall mac Domangairt.
It has been proposed that some of the darkest kings of Dál Riata mentioned in the Annals of Ulster, such as: ua. and.. may have been the kings of Irish Dál Riata.
In the Saga of Julian May of Pliocene Exile series, the no @-@ born Aiken Drum 's homeworld is a Scottish ethnic planet called Dalriada.
In the Lost Girl TV series, the pub where the Fae Lumière and the Dark Fae mingle is called the Dal Riata; named after the ancient kingdom.
Dalriada is the name of a Hungarian folk metal band, Dalriada.
His memorial service took place at the small flower church in Glendale, California, after which he was buried in Forest Lawn Memorial Park, also in Glendale.
All songs were composed by Thelonious Monk, except where noted.
The teams that qualified for the playoffs are highlighted in bold characters.
The list of players in the history of the team is presented below.
All Hockey player statistics taken @-@ Reference.com
The smell of this mushroom is indistinct but with age can become unpleasant, such as rotting or cheese. The mushroom is said to taste bitter oily or bitter metallic.
While The Twilight Saga succeeded in the box office, the critical reception of the films was mixed, and decreased significantly as the series continued.
The series of Portuguese teenagers of 2010 Lua. ( Red Moon ) had a similar premise of vampire romance but differed in history.
The 2012 animated film Hotel Transylvania has a scene inspired by Twilight .
The sitcom of the 2013 Filipino comedy My Daddy is a Vampire looked like a few scenes by Twilight.
Gash waits for Edge in the desert, in vain. Travelling alone, Azel asks for directions through treacherous lands.
Prior to Vera's arrival, schools and government offices were closed. Rail services were suspended; Philippine Airlines cancelled domestic services.
Matthew Medvedev as Matthew the Baby: The foster son of the rich Lee family, abducted by Thongs, Octopus and the owner on behalf of a triad boss.
Yuen Biao (-) as Inspector Steve Mok (-): The officer responsible for the case involving the disappearance of the baby.
Teresa Carpio as The Landlady (-) : The owner's wife. Pushed by the death of her only son several years earlier, the Landlady wears a little boy's doll with her at all times.
He died of a fall as a result of a struggle for the baby in a hospital shortly after his birth.
Like the boss of the Triad: Having lost his only son Max, the boss of the triad will stop at nothing to capture the baby.
Ken Lo and Hayama Go and Tokyo Joe: Two high-end minions from the triad gang.
The Dole effect describes trends in the 18O domain resulting from trends in the relative importance of the earth @-@ habitation and ocean photosynthesizers . Such variation is a plausible cause of the phenomenon .
He must hold the gas well enough to stay at altitude for 30 days.
The hydrogen gas must be manufactured, and the balloon filled, at the Arctic launch site.
He must be at least a little airshipable.
In 1983, the American composer Dominick Argento created a cycle of songs for baritone and piano entitled The Andrée Expedition. This cycle consists of musical texts of newspapers and letters.
An account of the expedition is included in The Ghost Disease and twelve other detective medical work stories, by Michael Howell and Peter Ford ( Penguin, 1986).
In 2013 the NIE Theatre Group produced a play on the expedition, entitled North, North, North, and presented it on tour around the UK.
The song was nominated for a 2011 Grammy Award in the category Best Rap Performance by a Duo or a Group, but lost to "On to the Next One" by Jay @-@ Z and Swizz Beatz.
neurotic – nail @-@ biting, pickers, extreme hair removal and unnecessary aesthetic surgery.
religious – self @-@... and others .
pubertal rites – elimination of hymen, circumcision or clitoral alteration.
organic brain diseases – which allow repetitive fracturing of the head @-@ banding , hand @-@ biting , finger @-@ or epilepsy .
conventional – nail @-@ cut, haircut and shaving beards.
After the 1970s, self-attention @-@ mal changed from psycho Freudian @-@ the sexual motivations of patients.
Walsh and Rosen ( 1988 ) created four categories numbered by Roman numerals I – IV , defining self-dismemberment as lines II , III and IV .
The roots of Epacris impressionna are colonized by fungi forming ericoid mycorrhizas. Fungal species are believed to vary from region to region.
A shape with deep pink flowers on long peaks, ' Spring Pink ' appears in spring. It grows at 60 cm (2 @.@ 0 ft) high.
Competitive lifting of the @-@ stone is always continued in modern times, and a number of competitive forms of lifting of the @-@ stone exist, using different physical techniques.
Stone @-@ lifting contest always takes place in the modern era. The city of Okama organizes an annual competition in which local teams participate.
All credits as a producer unless otherwise specified .
You broke it... you bought it (1975)
But seriously, people... ( 1978)
Nightmares ... and other tales of the vinyl jungle ( 1974 )
The whole road is in Westchester County.
Tool signed at Zoo Entertainment in November 1991 and released the Opiate EP the following year. To support this release, the band visited with Fishbone and Rage Against the Machine.
In May 2015, Keenan made a camera in an episode of Comedy Bang! Bang! as a fictional punk musician Barf Edwards.
In a January 2013 interview with Phoenix New Times, Keenan announced that he was working on an autobiography.
Two songs bear the name of Maynard's mother, Judith Marie Keenan: the song " Wings for Marie (Pt. 1) " by Tool and " Judith " by A Perfect Circle.
Carey has only played in a few TV series and movies, but also has many star appearances invited in a variety of sitcoms and comedy shows.
Daft Punk as disc jockey programs at the Castor 's End of Line Club.
Steven Lisberger like, a bartender in the end-of-the-line club.
Jeffrey Nordling as Richard Mackey, President of the Executive Board of ENCOM.
The episode also comments on the fanbase of the series. Near the end of the episode, Madden and Summerall provide the following analysis:
The beginning of episode 'third act shows Marge and Lisa watching an advertisement Super Bowl. In his book The Gospel According to Simpsons, Mark I. Pinsky describes the advertisement:
The heart of the city was destroyed by fire several times, the most famous of them was the Great Fire of 1892.
Guglielmo Marconi received the first transatlantic wireless signal in St. John's in December 1901 from his wireless station in Poldhu, Cornwall.
The Nickel Film Festival and the St. John's International Women's Film Festival are two independent film festivals held each year in St. John's.
The Railway Coastal Museum is a transportation museum located at 104 @-@ year @-@ old building at Newfoundland and Labrador Station on Water Street.
St. John's has been home to several professional hockey franchises. Currently, he is home to St. John's IceCaps the minor league affiliate of the Montreal Canadiens.
The St. John's Avalon Harps are the local team of Hurling and Gaelic football, who compete in Canadian GAA competitions.
St. John's has an important port. Among other things, the port is the base for the following Canadian Coast Guard (CCG) vessels:
CCGS George R. Pearkes – Icebreaker
CCGS Louis S. St @-@ Laurent – icebreaker
CCGS Leonard J. Cowley – Multi-role
St. John's is served by Eastern Health, Newfoundland and Labrador's largest health authority.
The city ' s main hospitals are the Health Sciences Centre, St. Clare ' s Mercy Hospital, Waterford Hospital and Janeway Children ' s Health and Rehabilitation Centre.
Although Dynasty Warriors 4 allows players to participate in the way history unfolds, the three main kingdoms ''Modes Musou'' follow the main events of the Romance of the history of the Three Kingdoms.
Having united the land, Liu Bei will climb on a victory march with his generals, and enter the capital in a glorious procession.
Cao Cao and his generals will then take a victory march in the capital, agitated by local peasants.
With the land in their hands, the Wu have a victory march in the capital.
In addition to predation by birds of prey such as the peregrine falcon, this small martine has been recorded in the diet of the largest false vampire bat, , , lyra.
Adapted credits from Endgame Line Notes .
Not all outputs are numbered.
In 2012, State Organs: Transplant Abuse in China, edited by David Matas and Torsten Trey was published with contributions from a dozen experts.
Trees can live up to 100 years or more. They have been known to resist after bush fire, bearing fruit within three years.
The light wood @-@ colored is soft and brittle. Lightweight, it has some value in the manufacture of items such as toys and small boxes.
Two other former vice-presidents passed away the same year as Wilson – John C. Breckinridge and Andrew Johnson.
Nason , Elias ; Russell , Thomas ( 1876 ) . Henry Wilson's life and public services . Boston : B.B. Russell .
Baseball America ranked Pineda as the second best perspective in the Mariners system before the 2011 season. Baseball America also noted it the sixteenth best perspective in all baseball.
Above all, a ship crashes through the Quahog buildings, a reference to speed 2: Cruise Control.
In a cut scene, W. Frederick Gerhardt 's.. crashing is parodyed.
Peter talks about Scrubs with Horace in the bar, a show for which Neil Goldman and Garrett Donovan wrote.
The plane that beats Ernie the giant chicken in the fight is a mirror reference to the climate scene in the Raiders of the Lost Ark.
Stewie being thrown into a tree is a reference to The Brady Bunch.
Helena Bonham Carter as Mrs Lovett
Rufus Wainwright recalled accompanying Thomas Lauderdale, the musician known for his work with the group based in Portland @-@ Pink Martini, at the club.
Siri Nilsen was born in Oslo, Norway, where she grew up in the district of Sagene. As a child she appeared in two Norwegian films, one of which, Maja, (1996), she co @-@ played in .
In addition to his solo career, Nilsen is part of the community of musicians and poets of Oslo @-@ , " Blues Run The Game , " with musicians Arild and Jens Carelius , among others .
Nilsen sometimes integrates effects pedals into his song. The pedals allow him to sample elements of his song that she then loops like a support track while singing lead.
In June 2012, Siri Nilsen gave birth to a girl with Norwegian actor Anders Bye, with whom she has been in a relationship for several years.
Historians described this episode as one of the most bizarre and spectacular tragedies in Californian history and western migration @-@ US.
Leonardo DiCaprio like Frank Abagnale, Jr.. Before his 19th birthday, Frank managed to drive millions of dollars in the value of cheques as a Panama pilot, doctor, and parish attorney Louisiana.
Amy Adams like Brenda Strong. Before becoming a nurse, Brenda had an abortion. Her strict Lutheran parents denied her, until they met Frank, Jr.
Nancy like Carol Strong, Brenda's mother and Roger's wife. When she thinks Frank, Jr. is a doctor, lawyer and Lutheran, she is very ecstatic about her daughter's marriage.
Although Landis was an autocrat in the courtroom, he was less at home. In an interview 1916, he said,
In 1919, the influence of players on baseball has been a problem for several years. Historian Paul Gardner writes,
The jubilation turned out to be short @-@ lived. On August 3, Landis issued a statement:
In total, Landis bans eighteen players from the game. Biographer Landis Pietrusza details the effect of Landis' position against the game:
Adapted credits from Broke with expensive taste lining notes.
Due to the small size of Hurricane Bonnie, the damage was relatively slight, totalling $42 million. The storm was also attributed to five deaths, four in Texas and one in Louisiana.
The remains of Tel Arad, Arad Park, a domestic airfield and Israel's first legal race circuit. The city is known for its annual summer music festival, The Arad Festival.
The western part of Arad consists of Loess land, while the eastern part consists of sedimentary rocks, including chalk, flint and dolomite.
The Ministry of Development of the Negev and Galilee envisages a tripling of the population of Arad by 2025.
Gan. , the park at the entrance of the city , with monuments of various desert animals
Whitney sport fifteen advanced placement courses, ranging from foreign language subjects and basic courses to choices, such as art.
The student government of Whitney High School is known as the associate student body, or ASB. The association is responsible for organizing rallies, dances, and other school-wide activities.
The ninth place @-@ guaranteed Greece a place in the final of the 2007 Eurovision Song Contest .
Wallhead then captured the British title Cage Gladiators Welterweight, defeating UFC veteran Jason Tan.
Wallhead then began to show improved boxing and knockout power in his next fights, the first of which was against Tom Haddock in April 2008 that he beat by submission due to punches.
In September 2009, Wallhead won the Clash of Warriors Welterweight title by beating Marius.
The general control , strategy and constant aggression of Wallhead led him to take a unanimous decision .
Wallhead's first appearance in the tournament was scheduled to be at Bellator 15 against American Jacob McClintock.
In the fourth season welterweight opening round tournament, Wallhead faces judoka colleague, Rick Hawn, losing by unanimous decision.
He competed at BAMMA 8 in a Welter weight match against Joey Villasenor, winning in the first round KO.
Wallhead returned to Bellator to participate in the seven Welter weight tournament season. His round opening match was against Lyman Good. He lost the fight by unanimous decision.
On his fatal flight, the Amana was carrying 24 passengers, including 2 infants. All but Edgar Forwood died in the resulting accident or inferno.
Five Polish immigrants (including one child ) , previously from the Northam Migration Camp , travel to Adelaide .
The Anglican Bishop of the Riverina, Bishop Charles Murray.
The Anglican dean of Newcastle, the very Reverend Norman Blow.
Victor Anquetil , an executive of Charles Read Limited in Melbourne .
In 1931, Mr. Baker was booked to fly on the fatal flight of the South Cloud, but eventually travelled by train instead.
Kenneth Douglas, Managing Director of Winterbottom Motor Company.
Douglas Engler, Secretary of Pioneer Bus Company.
Vincent Finnigan , a global authority on diesel @-@ electric locomotives and electric traction .
Six other male passengers, four other female passengers and one baby.
ANA was not in practice carrying out a check on the flow of @-@ fuel immediately after each re @-@ fuel, as required by air navigation controls.
fuel companies that supply fuel to aircraft should be required to check each compartment of a tank car to detect the presence of water each time the fuel in the tank car is reconstituted.
Especially because of the ambiguity in what the Burnside fountain represents, Turtle Boy occasionally appears on social media. The sculpture also appeared on comic Daniel Tosh 's Tosh.0 blog.
To promote the Hudson album went on tour, opening for Phil Joel, Earthsuit, and V * Enna and later a solo tour of 46 @-@state.
Credits extracted from Katy Hudson shirt notes.
Adapted from Katy Hudson shirt notes.
She's the Temerary fighter.
A contemporary account says that King Charles himself worked manually that day or later to help throw water on the flames and to help demolish buildings to make a fire.
Abroad in the Netherlands, the Great Fire of London was considered a divine punishment for Holmes 's Bonfire, the burning by the English of a Dutch city during the Second Anglo @-@ Dutch War.
William Harrison Ainsworth 's novel Old St Paul 's is put during the events of the fire.
The Great Fire was released on ITV television in 2014 . It was shown in four episodes . It builds a fictional scenario involving the family of baker Pudding Lane in a suspected popish plot .
The round " London 's Burning " is said to be on the Great Fire. However, the first notation of a song in this theme dates from 1580 as " Scotland 's Burning " .
For details of the location and current condition of the locomotive ( reconstructed ) , see: List of Class K and K1 locomotives.
SAS has product sets for specific industries , such as government , retail , telecommunications and aerospace , and for marketing optimization or high performance computing @-@ .
Adapted credits from Stripped Line Notes , RCA Records .
Credits and personnel according to credits Allmusic remixed & revisited .
Actress and host Janeane Garofalo attracted criticism by allowing actress Leah Remini, then Scientologist, to promote the project on her Air America Radio show.
Adapted credits from Emancipation of Mimi Line Notes .
Note: The list does not include known holders only through their seals but not identified, or anonymous holders.
Note: The list does not include known holders only through their seals but not identified, or anonymous holders.
Dignity survived until the end of the Byzantine Empire. Historian Sphrantzes assimilated the Ottoman position of Agha of the Janissaries to the Great Droungarios of the Watch.
Note: The list does not include known holders only through their seals but not identified, or anonymous holders.
In 2014 the authors Simpsons chose " Burning Down the Mouse" in this episode as one of their nine favorite episodes "Itchy & Stratchy" of all time.
In the Buddhist regions of Sri Lanka, it is known as Gana deviyo, and venerated with Buddha, Vishnu, Skanda and others.
Some devotees see similarities between the shape of Gansha's body in iconography and the shape of Aum in the Devanāgarī and Tamil scripts.
One of the most important Sanskrit texts, which enjoys authority in the states of the tradition of Gandapatya John Grimes, is the Ganapati Atharvashirsa.
Commercial and cultural contacts have extended India's influence in West and South-East Asia. Ganesha is one of the Hindu deities who have consequently reached foreign lands.
The Silk Road was one of the first commercial routes to reach the East and West worlds.
In May 2004, the United States of America signed the American Free Trade Agreement with five Central American countries.
Air travel particularly favours light, expensive and small products: electronic media rather than books, for example, and refined drugs rather than bulk foods.
Part III: The significance of this tragedy and the possible healing that would come from the acceptance of the man of his Shadow in relation to his Light.
The main employment concentrations are at Chaddock Lane between Astley and Mosley Common and at Parr Brow north of Mosley Common.
Tyldsley was the birthplace of a professional wrestler, Lord James Blears.
It is also recorded that Hasekura served as a samurai during the Japanese invasion of Korea under the Taiko Toyotomi Hideyoshi, for six months in 1597.
As a result of these fighting, orders were issued on 4 and 5 March to restore peace.
Chimalpahin reports on Hasekura's visit.
The fleet left for Europe on the San José on 10 June. Hasekura had to leave the largest parts of the Japanese group behind, who had to wait in Acapulco for the return of the embassy.
The fleet arrived in Sanlúcar de Barrameda on 5 October 1614.
The embassy stayed eight months in Spain before leaving the country for Italy.
The visit of the Embassy of Japan is recorded in the chronicles of the city as headed by " Philip Francis Faxicura , Ambassador to the Pope , of Date , King of , in Japan " .
Hasekura Tsunenaga's visit to Saint @-@ Tropez in 1615 is the first registered instance of relations between France and Japan.
The Pope accepted the sending of missionaries, but left the decision for trade to the king of Spain.
The Roman Senate also gave Hasekura the honorary title of noble and Roman citizen, in a document he brought back to Japan, which is now held in Sendai.
Hasekura also brought several Catholic artifacts to Japan, but he did not give them to his ruler, and instead kept them in his own domain.
About 700 inhabitants of Coria del Río bear the surname Japon (originally Hasekura de Japón ) , identifying them as descendants of the members of the delegation of Hasekura Tsunenaga .
A theme park describing the embassy and displaying a replica of the San Juan Bautista was established in the port of Ishinomaki, from which Hasekura initially left during his trip.
Today, there is a statue of Hasekura in a park in Manila, Philippines.
Shusaku Endo wrote a 1980 novel entitled The Samurai, a fictional story about Hasekura's travels.
The whole road is in Atlantic County.
Long is a fast-growing street at the junction of Districts 1, Binh Thanh, and Phu.
All music composed by Sleater @-@ Kinney .
The credits are adapted from AllMusic .
Adapted credits from Electra Heart Liner Notes .
Adapted credits from Electra Heart Liner Notes .
M. cerebralis has many different stages ranging from simple cells to relatively large spores, not all of which have been studied in detail.
All songs written and composed by Super Furry Animals except where noted.
Total Austrian force: 8 @,@000 men.
Also in 1889, Fuller received an award from the Victorian Artists Society for the best portrait of an artist under twenty @-@ five.
Fuller painted other works for the. In a 1937 piece reflecting on the art of the early 20th @@century in Western Australia, an examiner recalled:
There is no detailed documentation exactly when the provisional government of Kentucky stopped operating. It is supposed to have dissolved at the end of the civil war.
Adapted credits from the Liner Notes of Look 4 Myself, RCA Records.
The Northern Island is part of the important bird area of Houtman Abrolhos , designated as such by BirdLife International because of its importance for the support of a large number of breeding marine birds.
The members of the Council were to be appointed after consultation with the Prime Minister , but at the discretion of the President .
No member should belong to a political party.
Membership would be allocated and renewed for a specified period of three , six or nine years .
Procedures should be public .
Appointments to the Council shall be made by the President on the advice of the Cabinet.
There are two categories of members , namely permanent and non-permanent , permanent members with a lifetime mandate .
Members of Parliament ( Members of Parliament ) , including ministers , shall not be prevented from sitting on the Council and from sitting simultaneously in Parliament .
Membership of a political party is not an obstacle to the composition of the Council.
Bills certified by the Prime Minister as affecting " the defence or security of Singapore, or relating to public security, peace or good order of Singapore " .
Bills that the Prime Minister certifies to be so urgent that any delay in promulgation would be detrimental to public well-being.
The Council may also report on any written law in force on 9 January 1970 , but there is no constitutional provision requiring the Parliament or the competent minister to act on it .
Constitution of the Republic of Singapore ( 1999 reprint ) .
Act on the Maintenance of Religious Harmony (chap.
Unlike all other variants of the CFM56 , the , has an exhaust nozzle @-@ mixed , which offers slightly higher efficiency .
Length: 98 @.@ 7 in ( 2 @.@ 5 m )
Diameter: 61" ( 1 @@ 55 m ) ( fan )
Overall pressure ratio: 32 @.@ 8: 1
By-pass report: 5 @.@ 5: 1
Growth weight rate @-@ at @-@: 3 @.@ 7: 1
During World War II , the Irish merchant navy continued the essential foreign trade in the conflict , a period called The Long Watch by Irish sailors .
There were never more than 800 men, at any time, serving on Irish ships during the war.
The Cymric wasn't so lucky, she disappeared into the same waters without any trace.
All the lyrics written by Pete Wentz, all the music composed by Fall Out Boy.
The two flight attendants were Debra Andrews Taylor and Janice King. Janice King, who was sitting in the back, died in the accident.
Cromer is one of only two former M & GNJR stations to remain operational on Network Rail, the other being the neighbouring west.
The station is currently served only by the local services operated by ' Abellio Greater Anglia' on the Norwich to Sheringham Bittern line.
Because of its historic position as a terminal on the Melton Constable and Sheringham line to the west, the trains take the opposite direction Cromer when leaving the station.
The species was named after the original collector, G. Bernard. Agaricus bernardii is commonly known as salt @-@ magnet fungus.
The species is found in Asia , Europe , North America (including Mexico ) and New Zealand .
After that time, Goldfaden continued various newspaper work, but the scene became its main objective.
After the success of the race in Galați came a less successful attempt in Brăila, but now the company had perfected its act and it was time to go to the capital, Bucharest.
And don't believe in madness anymore.
In November 2009 Goldfaden was the subject of postage stamps issued jointly by Israel and Romania .
Sources do not agree on the dates (and even names ) of some of Goldfaden's pieces. The titles here represent -Yiddish > English Transliteration, although other variants exist.
( Aunt Susie ) wr . 1869
Goldfaden has written hundreds of songs and poems. Among his most famous are:
In June 2016 IUPAC approved the latter proposal , which must be officially accepted by the end of the year .
The old and new bridges are geographically mainly in Arkansas, as the state lines were determined before the change west of the Mississippi River.
Move on to a new turn.
Disqualified from the tournament.
The team of the season was composed of the players listed in the tables below , as well as staff members Heynckes ( manager ) , Mourinho ( manager ) , Toni ( manager ) and Mozer ( assistant coach ) .
Note 1: Flags indicate the national team as defined by FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non @-@ FIFA nationality.
Maryland was kept out of the war as a result of the suicide bomber attacks.
Before the event broadcast live on pay @-@ per @-@ view, Scott Steiner beat Rico in a game on Sunday Night Heat, which aired on TNN.
Eye conditions , characterized by eye alterations , occurring when breathing increases oxygen pressures for long periods of time .
There are still vines that have not been grafted or destroyed by the phylloxera, some of which belong to Bollinger.
Throughout his journey, Fabian killed 8 people and caused damages of US$300 million, mainly in Bermuda.
God bless our children, let them be like the olive tree of, let them grow and grow, let them be like Ngong Hills like Mt. Kenya, like Mt. Kilimanjaro and multiply in number.
The rocks that form Mount Kenya are mainly basalt, rhomb, , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , was first reported by Gregory in 1900 after his study of the geology of Mount Kenya.
Northey, Krapf, Gregory, Lewis, Diamond, Darwin, Forel, Heim, Tyndall, Cesar, Josef.
The area where the glaciers have recently resisted is the nival zone. This is the area that the plants have not yet been able to colonize.
Many plant species in the Afro @-@ alpine area of Mount Kenya are giant versions of the parent lowland (or temperate) lands. However, closer to the nival zone, plants are still decreasing in size.
In 1892 Teleki and von Höhnel returned to the east, but failed to cross the forest.
In March 2012, a massive fire raged on Mount Kenya, devouring thousands of hectares of old forests and endangered wildlife.
The origin of the name Kenya is not clear, but perhaps related to the words Kikuyu, Embu and Kamba, which mean "the resting place of God" in all three languages.
The second type of names that were given to the peaks are after European climbers and explorers. Some examples of this are Shipton, Sommerfelt, Tilman, Dutton and Arthur.
Best , Nicholas ( 2014 ) . Point Lenana . Thistle Publishing / Kindle Single .
Shuffle! contains a leitmotiv of allusions to flowers. All the names of the characters are references to flowers in a certain way, mainly kinds of flowering plants.
Calderwood returned during the night and calmed down. He asked the saloons to close, and he imprisoned several miners who had caused explosions of violence.
Tolkien states that he will report on the old English meter using modern English, highlighting "the ancestral kinship of the two languages, as well as the differences between them".
where 4 means a complete lifting (maximum stress ) and 1 is the lowest drop in the stress .
Belloni made a final decision that the tribes were entitled to a fair and equitable portion of the fish harvest. The court maintained its continuing jurisdiction, and its order was not appealed.
The Science Fiction and Fantasy Hall of Fame inducted Vonnegut posthumously in 2015 .
An organic LED material based on iridium @-@ has been documented, and found much brighter than DPA or PPV, so could be the basis for flexible OLED lighting in the future.
Their resistance to arc erosion makes iridium alloys ideal for electrical contacts for candles, and iridium @-@ candle-based are particularly used in aviation.
Iridium compounds are used as catalysts in the Cativa process for the carbonylation of methanol to produce acetic acid.
Iridium forms a variety of complexes of fundamental interest in the triplet harvest.
The first former NeXT campus in Palo Alto was subsequently occupied by SAP AG. Its second former campus in Redwood City was occupied by - and - Pharmaceuticals Inc.
The next day, Mike and Kay celebrate with Cindy and Sandy, who survived their brush with the shark at the moment of portraits as the background and screen fade to the black and the film ends.
Louis Gossett, Jr. as Calvin Bouchard
John W. Wilson as a 3D shark
P. H. Moriarty as Jack Tate
Although most critics agree that Jaws 2 is the best of Jaws' suites, some are not sure if Jaws @-@ 3D is better than Jaws: The Revenge. An examiner says of Jaws 3 @-@ D:
Leonard Maltin calls the film " road @-@ company Irwin Allen type @-@ film disaster " and notes that his premise is similar after 1955 at La Créature de la La Lagoon Noire.
Eno's girlfriend at the time, potter Carol McNicoll, supervised the design of the album cover and he has one of his teapots.
The album was included in the 1001 albums by Robert Dimery You Must Hear Before You Die.
All songs written and composed by Brian Eno, unless otherwise indicated.
Reiefenstahl survived a helicopter accident in Sudan in 2000 while trying to learn the fate of his friends Nouba during the Second Sudanese Civil War and was flown to a hospital in Munich.
Cinephile Mark Cousins notes in his book The Story of Film that, "Besides Orson Welles and Alfred Hitchcock, Leni Riefenstahl was the most talented Western filmmaker of his time."
Examiner Gary Morris called Riefenstahl, "An unrivalled gift artist, a woman in a male-dominated industry, one of the greats of cinema on a pair with Eisenstein or Welles".
Pauline Kael , also film critic used for The New Yorker , called Triumph des Willens and Olympia , "the two greatest films ever made by a woman " .
The merits of the film by Riefenstahl are discussed between the characters in the film Quentin Tarantino 2009 Inglourious Basterds .
Reiefenstahl , Leni (1995) . Leni Reiefenstahl : a memoir . New York : Picador USA . ISBN .
The cystic forms of a particular group of ciliates, on the , were suggested to be affiliated with Chitinozoans.
It is not immediately clear what way of life these fossils occupied in an unlikely way, and an answer becomes apparent only after following several lines of reasoning.
On 11 June, ISIL captured Tikrit. The next day, they killed more than a thousand Iraqi Air Force cadets at Camp Speicher, 8 miles northwest of Tikrit.
Meanwhile, the troops withdrew from the university complex.
The IPC defines this classification by @-@ Alpine as " The two arms amputated above the elbow, Short strains, no elbow joints or forearms " .
The IPC defines this classification by @-@ Alpine as " One arm amputated above the elbow, the other below the elbow " .
The IPC defines this classification by @-@ Alpine as " The two amputated or dysfunctional arms under the elbow, both hands unable to hold or use ski poles " .
In the Biathlon, all Paralympic athletes shoot from a subject position. Athletes with amputations can use a rifle support during shooting.
Adapted credits from Mastermind Liner Notes .
The whole road is in Erie County.
His friend and colleague Jō Kondō said, "If his later works sound different from earlier pieces, it is because of his progressive refinement of his basic style rather than any real modification of it."
Takemitsu has often expressed his debt to Claude Debussy, referring to the French composer as his "great mentor". As Arnold Whittall says:
The Toru Takemitsu Composition Award, designed to "encourage a young generation of composers who will shape the coming age through their new musical works", is named after him.
It applies to members who have actually taken their seats , not to those who have been elected but have not yet been sworn in .
According to McLean v. United States, the term " emoluments " refers not only to wages but also to other benefits such as fodder and rations.
The Sinclair Scientific and the Sinclair Scientific Programmable were manufactured in England, like all other Sinclair calculators except President Sinclair.
Ken, a Google employee, designed a Sinclair Scientific backwards and built a simulator using the original algorithms.
The group is placed on a model of scales, painted in black. This is the way the mountain ranges have been commonly symbolized in Mesopotamian art.
There are no other examples of owls in an iconographic context in Mesopotamian art, nor textual references that directly associate owls with a particular god or goddess.
Today, the identification of Burney Relief with Lilith is being questioned, and the figure is now generally identified as the goddess of love and war.
The @-@ stem and the @-@ ring symbol, its necklace and wig are all attributes that are explicitly mentioned in the myth of Inanna's descent into the lower world.
In 2008/9 the relief was included in the exhibitions on Babylon at the Pergamon Museum in Berlin, the Louvre in Paris, and the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York.
Move on to a new turn.
Disqualified from the tournament.
The whole road is in Jefferson County.
The entire highway is in Iron County.
The winning team of the club's 1883 FA Cup included eleven players born in England, the first time that an all @-@ English XI had won the competition. The team aligned as follows:
The only competition the club competed but never won, other than the unfinished combination, was the Senior Cup of Lancashire.
Adapted credits from Daniel Powter's line notes.
Chapters 1 - 16 * The deceased enters the tomb, descends into the underground world, and the body regains its powers of movement and speech.
Chapters 17 – 63 Explanation of the mythical origin of the gods and places, the deceased are made to live again so that they can rise, reborn, with the morning sun.
Chapters 64 – 129 The deceased travels through the sky in the ark of the sun as one of the blessed dead. In the evening, the deceased travels into the underground world to appear before Osiris.
The spells in the Book of the Dead depict Egyptian beliefs about the nature of death and the afterlife. The Book of the Dead is a vital source of information about Egyptian beliefs in this field.
c . 3150 B.C. - Hieroglyphs kept for the first time, on small labels in the tomb of a buried king ( in the tomb U @-@ j ) in Abydos
c . 3000 B.C. - The beginning of the numbered dynasties of the kings of ancient Egypt
c . 2100 ECB - First Coffin Texts , developed from the Pyramid Texts and for a time painted on the coffins of the commons . Many spells of the Book of the Dead are closely derived from them .
c. 1600 B.C. - The oldest spells of the Book of the Dead, on the coffin of the Queen, a descendant of kings of the New Kingdom
c . 1550 BCE - From this time to the beginning of the New Kingdom, papyrus copies of the Book of the Dead are used instead of placing spells on the walls of the graves
c . 600 ECB - About when the order of spells became standard
A member of Warriors Three, a native of Vanaheim mainly identified by his bad behavior.
Both portals are on Network Rail grounds without public access.
The mechanical concept of the epicyclic gears used to maintain each book level while it rotates was later used for the Falkirk Wheel boat elevator, although its designer claims to have found it independently.
And Jill came to stumble after.
As fast as he could.
with vinegar and brown paper.
The village of Bilsby in Lincolnshire, England (where the English name Billing comes from) was proposed as having been named after Bil.
The tracks of the album were presented in the soundtrack Saw V and Jackass video game. The band supported the album with the Mythrus Tour later that year it was released.
Allmusic tracks.
All music composed by Ogre / Key / Walk .
All credits from Allmusic.
Artistic direction , design – Steven R. Gilmore
For the elections to the European Parliament , South Dorset , the rest of South-West England and Gibraltar form the constituency of South-West England .
The novelist Gerald Basil Edwards spent the last years of his life in Weymouth. Nearby Upwey he met the art student Edward Chaney, who encouraged him to complete The Book of Ebenezer The Page.
Weymouth Cricket Club is sponsored by local companies and operates in partnership with neighbouring schools.
Georgine , The Life of Mary Baker G. Eddy and the History of Christian Science , Doubleday 1909 ; also at
Georgine Milmine , The Life of Mary Baker G. Eddy and the History of Christian Science , Baker Book House , 1971 (introduction by Stewart Hudson ) .
Administratively, US 195 does not exist in Idaho. According to ITD 's=Log, the two carriageways are officially US 95 ramps in Washington State.
From June 2016 onwards , the position of President is held by Air-Mohammad-Bari ; A. M.-Ahmed is the Managing Director ( MD ) and the Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) .
Biman 's subsidiaries are involved in aircraft ground handling , aviation engineering , aviation training and flight restoration .
In 2013 Biman signed agreements with SITA and Mercator to provide infrastructure support and revenue accounting services to the airline.
In 2014, Biman launched amenity kit for children on @-@ board that includes coloring books, stationery, dolls and puzzle puzzle.
In 2013 Biman signed an agreement with the German ticketing company @-@ Hahn Air, allowing the purchase of Biman tickets from all over the world.
Downloadable packs containing additional levels for this game are available on the PlayStation Network and Xbox Live Arcade.
Aves can mean the last common ancestor of all the birds currently alive and of all its descendants (a " crown group " ).
Compared to other vertebrates, birds have a body plane that shows many unusual adaptations, mainly to facilitate flight.
Birds communicate mainly using visual and auditory signals . Signals may be interspecific ( between species ) and intraspecific ( within species ) .
Homosexual behaviour was observed in males or females in many bird species, including copulation, binding between @-@ pairs, and joint kinship of chicks.
The diversity of bird characteristics is large , sometimes even in closely related species . Several avian characteristics are compared in the table below .
A wide variety of field avian ecology methods , including counts , nest monitoring , capture and marking , are used for avian ecology research .
Kepler @-@ 10b is slightly locked to its mother star and has extreme temperature variations between day and night. It also reflects about half the light of the star it receives.
Some if @-@ called , have been proposed , mainly by Fernández @-@ Casas , to accommodate natural hybrids ( " antiques " ) .
subgenre Hermione (Haw . ) Spach .
Subgenus Narcisse L.
Apodanthi A. Fernandes ( 6 species )
Ganymedes (Haworth) (monotypical)
Narcissus L. ( 2 species )
Keyes also hosted a radio show, The Alan Keyes Show: America 's Wake @-@ Up Call, and a TV feature on MSNBC cable network, Alan Keyes is Making Sense.
Keyes finished with 27% of the vote despite the victory of a small number of counties in southern Illinois.
After the first states, Keyes campaigned exclusively in Texas, where he finished with 0 @.@ 60 percent of all votes cast.
In December 2009, Keyes wrote a column for the World Net Daily critical of evolution and in support of Intelligent Design.
In total , the race consisted of eighteen climbs ranked .
In 2009 Ødegaard joined the youth division of Strømsgodset. He trains and plays with older boys.
Fantastic Light, a bay horse with an irregular white light and three white feet, was raised in Kentucky by Maktoum Al Maktoum 's Gainsborough Stud.
During his last start of the season, Fantastic Light was moved to the highest level for the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe and finished an eleventh away from the thirteen riders behind.
Like a former Godolphin champion, , , , Fantastic Light turned out to be better than ever like a five @-@ year @-@ old (see Evaluation below ) .
A race planned for the Japan Cup did not materialize and his retirement was announced shortly after. He had already raised enough points to get a second Emirates World Series.
In 2001, he was named European Senior Horse Champion and European Horse of the Year at the Cartier Racing Awards.
In February 2002, Fantastic Light was elected Eclipse Prize for the American champion Male Turf Horse in the Eclipse Awards, beating Val Royal and With Anticipation in the vote.
He was the winner of more than three hundred races including: the winner of the Winter Derby, the Grand Prix de Chantilly and the Grand Prix de Chantilly (Group 2 ).
The city houses a diocese of the Eastern Orthodox Church, which is part of the autocephalous Orthodox Church of Albania.
Gjirokastër is served by the city's highway, which connects it to Tepelenë to the north and to the region of the city and to the Greek border 30 km ( 19 mi ) to the south.
The details of her first trip remain hidden in secrecy. She went through Pennsylvania with a feeling of relief and admiration, and recalled the experience of years later:
When she died, Tubman was buried with half @-@ military honours at the Fort Hill Cemetery in Auburn.
In 2014 the asteroid (-) Tubman was named after Harriet Tubman .
The Harriet Tubman House in Boston 's South End is a site on the Boston Women's Heritage Trail.
Cauchy pointed out that in certain circumstances the order of integration in this result was significant .
As a result , the latter rating is a practical abuse of rating , not a standard integral ( Riemann or Lebesgue ) .
All higher moments are zero. In particular, the characteristic function and the moment generation function are both equal to one.
for each test function.
Thus, if X is a set, x0 X is a marked point, and ▼ is any algebra sigma of X subsets, then the measure defined on the A sets.
is the delta measurement or unit mass concentrated at x0 .
for all @-@ smooth and compact value functions on M. A particular common case of this construction is when M is an open set in the Euclidian space Rn.
which is homogeneous by degree - 1.
for a certain constant c .
This is sometimes the sifting property or the sampling property; the delta function is called " sort " the value at t = T.
where the sum extends over all roots of g ( x ) , which are supposed to be simple . Thus , for example ,
in such a way that the degree distribution - n is homogeneous. Under any reflection or rotation ρ , the delta function is invariant:
for all functions supported by compaction f .
where n is the external normal . For proof , see e.g. the article on the surface delta function .
The delta function is a temperate distribution, and therefore it has a well @-@ defined Fourier transformation. Formally, we find
for all functions of Schwartz. And indeed, it follows from this that <formula>
The reverse Fourier transformation of the temperate distribution f ( Φ ) = 1 is the delta function . Formally, this is expressed
for all functions of Schwartz f .
In these terms, the delta function provides an suggestive statement of the orthogonal property of the Fourier core on R. Formally, one has
which follows once again by imposing @-@ assistantity of Fourier's transformation.
In particular, the distribution is infinitely differentiable.
which derives from the properties of the distribution derivative of a convolution.
That is , the αth derivative is the distribution whose value on any test function is the αth to one derivative ( with the appropriate positive or negative sign ) .
where ηε ( x ) is sometimes called a nascent delta function.
Typically, a nascent delta function can be constructed as follows. Let η be an absolutely integrable function on R of the total integral 1 , and define
η1 is itself smooth and compactly supported then the sequence is called a modifier. The standard modifier is obtained by choosing η to be a properly normalized hump function, for example
which are all continuous and compactly supported, although not smooth and therefore not a modifier.
It is continuous and compactly supported, but not a modifier because it is not smooth.
Nascent delta functions are often presented as semi-convolutional groups.
in which the limit is as usual understood in the weak sense .
The following are examples of semi-groups of convolution of physical importance resulting from such a fundamental solution:
and has the same physical interpretation, mutatis mutandis. It also represents a nascent delta function in the sense that ηε → γ in the direction of distribution as ε → 0.
The u solution represents the displacement of the equilibrium of an infinite elastic chain, with an initial disturbance at the origin.
A fundamental result of the Fourier primary series indicates that the Dirichlet core tends to a multiple of the delta function as N → . This is interpreted in the direction of distribution , that
for each smooth function supported compactly f. Thus, formally we have
on the interval [ - π , π ] . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
for each continuous function supported compactly f . The implication is that the Fourier series of any continuous function is Cesàro summable to the value of the function at each point .
for all holomorphic f-in-D functions that are continuous at the close of D. As a result, the delta γz function is represented on this class of holomorphic functions by the Cauchy integral:
a form of bra – Dirac ket notation. Adopting this notation, the expansion of f takes the dyadic form:
is called an identity resolution. When the Hilbert space is the space L2 ( D ) of the square functions @-@ integrable on a domain D, the quantity:
The right side @-@ hand converges towards f in the L2 direction. It does not need to hold in a sharp sense, even when f is a continuous function. Nevertheless, it is common to abuse notation and write
which is a sequence of point masses to each of the integers.
is precisely the sum formula of Poisson.
for all integers i , j . This function then satisfies the following analogy of the sieving property: if <formula> is a doubly infinite sequence , then
This shows Kronecker's delta function as a discrete analog of Dirac's delta function.
The delta function is also used in a completely different way to represent the local time of a diffusion process (such as the Brownian movement ) . The local time of a stochastic process B ( t ) is given by
and represents the amount of time that the process passes to point x in the process range. Specifically, in a dimension this integral can be written
where 1 [ x - ε , x + ε ] is the indicator function of the interval [ x - ε , x + ε ] .
The eigen functions of the position are designated by <formula> in the Dirac notation, and are known as position eigenstats.
That is ,- are the eigenvectors of P. If eigenvectors are standardized so that
The delta function also has much more specialized applications in quantum mechanics, such as potential delta models for a single and dual potential well.
where m is the mass, deformation and k the spring constant.
where IE is the bending rigidity of the beam , w the deviation , x the spatial coordination and q ( x ) the load distribution . If a beam is charged by a point force F to x =
Also a point moment acting on a beam can be described by delta functions. Consider two opposing point forces F at a distance apart. They then produce a moment M
The point moments can therefore be represented by the delta function derivative. The integration of the beam equation results again in a polynomial deflection to the piece.
Laurence Fox as Mr. Wisley
In 1807 Napoleon created the Duchy of Warsaw and granted it a constitution. As with all Napoleonic legislatures, he was inferior in political power to executive by design.
The Senate was composed of bishops, voivodes and castelans; all appointed by the king. They were six each, in 1810 increased to ten each.
Those who had the right to vote included landowners, owners of large businesses, clergy, artists, scientists, and the army. In particular, peasants could also vote, provided they owned the land.
The Sejm session lasted for 15 days, and was convened every two years.
Among the famous politicians of the Sejm of the Duchy of Warsaw were: Józef Godlewski , Tomasz A. Ostrowski , Stanisław Sołtyk , Stanisław Staszic , Wawrzyniec Surowiecki and Józef Wybicki .
The king had the right to dissolve the Chamber of Deputies, or to replace senators with new candidates.
The final episode received a largely positive response, with critics praising it for its sentimental way, bitter sweet way to conclude the show.
Since both Erromintxela and Caló derive from Romani, many words Erromintxela are similar to Spanish Caló and Catalan Caló.
Baudrimont states that the subdivisions of the year (with the exception of months) consist of the word breja (-) " year " : breja (-) " month " and breja (-) " week " .
Its material contains a relatively large number of items derived from Basque @-@.
Overall, he raised questions about the level of communication between Baudrimont and his informants and the quality of the material obtained.
All songs written by Jeff Tweedy except where noted.
Seven Einsatzgruppen battalion personnel operated in Poland. Each was subdivided into four Einsatzkommandos company personnel.
Einsatzgruppe III , SS @-@ Obersturmbannführer und--Dr. Herbert Fischer , acted with the 8th Army
In 1933, Lieutenant James Rockwell, originally from San Juan, Puerto Rico, became the third Hispanic Marine (Porto Rican) to graduate from the USNA.
The following 19 Hispanic Marines received the Navy Cross for their actions in Vietnam.
Joseph V. Medina attended the United States Naval Academy and was appointed second lieutenant at his graduation in 1976.
In the military campaigns of Afghanistan and Iraq, in what the United States and its allies call the war against terrorism. Sergeant Rafael Peralta is among those who perished.
Hispanics account for 18 per cent of the Marines recruited today, up from 15 per cent when the war in Iraq began.
Brigadier General Joseph V. Medina was quoted as saying:
James Jr. wrote in his 2008 book on the island of Chincoteague,
A memorial to martyr Lollard Thomas Harding is located in the cemetery near the southern chancellor, erected in 1907 by the Protestant Alliance. The base of the cross is inscribed:
Harding was executed in nearby White Hill and it is believed that he was detained in St. Mary's before his execution. Foxe's Book of Martyrs describes the execution as follows:
In total, the volcano has broken out at least 22 times in the last 230 years.
Katherine de .
Anne Leech and Anne Wright, unknown origin.
Jinnah Prize ( Posthumous, 2004 ) for services to people as founder of the Orangi pilot project .
Nishan @-@ e @-@ Imtiaz ( Posthumous, 2001 ) for community services.
Sitara @-@ e @-@ Pakistan ( 1961 ) for his pioneering work in rural development.
The credits are taken from the album notes.
The.com includes the two orders Metzgeriales ( simple.com ) and.com ( liver leaves ) .
A third class, the , is newly recognized as a group of basal sisters to other livers; it includes the genres , , , and , .
An updated classification by Söderström et al. 2016
The credits for " Pimpin " are adapted from the line notes of the thoughts of a Felon predicate.
Recorded at Encore Studios, California.
Stanisław II August ( Poniatowski ) , the last king of Poland and Grand @-@ Duke of Lithuania , which was crowned in 1764 .
The second series featured two episodes recorded in Scotland, one in Dumfries, on the Scottish border, and the other in Kirkwall, Orkney.
Miranda Sawyer in The Observer also praised the show by saying that it was, "A simple idea, kindly and kindly executed by another impassively human Englishman. Thank you Gaia they still exist."
The first series of Mark Steel 's in Town was released for download on March 1, 2010 . The series has not yet been released on CD .
Weekly celebration of the Lord's Supper on the British congregations, the term "break of bread " is commonly used.
In American congregations, the terms " communion " , and in particular " Eucharist " , are rarely used.
Practice of a cappella singing, and rejection of instrumental music, in worship.
If it's not in the Bible, then these people won't.
Historically, three hermeneutic approaches have been used among the churches of Christ.
We must live faithfully as a Christian ( 1 Peter 2: 9 ) .
Matt. 26: 30: "And when they sang a hymn, they went to the Mount of Olives. "
Rom. 15:9: "Therefore I will praise you among the Gentiles, and I will sing in your name."
Eph. 5:18 @,@19: "...to be filled with the Spirit, to address one another in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, to sing and to make melody to the Lord with all your heart, "
Heb. 2:12: "I will say your name to my brethren, in the midst of the church I will sing praises to you."
There are congregations that can applaud by hand @-@ and some that use musical instruments in worship, some of which describe themselves as a " Church of Christ (Instrumental) " .
Christ's churches avoid the term "theology " , preferring rather the term " doctrine " : theology is what humans say about the Bible ; doctrine is simply what the Bible says .
At the end of the episode, Liz is seen watching and being intrigued by some of the content "porn for women", which somehow includes her fantastic boyfriend Astronaut Mike Dexter.
The whole road is in Delta County.
Tusi recognized three types of living things: plants, animals, and humans. He wrote:
The @-@ centered view gene has also led to increased interest in Charles Darwin's old idea of sexual selection, and more recently in topics such as sexual conflict and conflict.
In 1910, Shackleton made a series of three recordings describing the expedition using an Edison Phonograph.
While Shackleton led the expedition, the Endurance was led by the Cpt. F. Worsley DSO. The Aurora was led by Lieutenant J. Stenhouse DSC.
